The dose rate of "Fuen Power Plant" can be calculated in detail using DERS software.
The VRdose software informs DERS of the change in the situation when calculating the dose rate, that is, the change of the object by a special marker.
Features, usage manual and design document of R5 version of this software are summarized.
A phase shift magnetic sensor system consisting of two coils, an amplifier, and a phase shift circuit for detection and output is developed.
This circuit is a feedback circuit in which the resonance frequency shifts due to the change in the input signal phase, and the change in the magnetic characteristics of the object in the center of the two coils can be detected with high sensitivity and resolution.
As the coil, two coils with an inner diameter of 6 mm and 800 turns were used by reverse connection.
In the experiment, the characteristics of tap water treated with tap water, pure water, and magnetization devices could be analyzed as frequency changes.
And, it was confirmed that the change of the flow rate and the flow rate could also be detected.
This paper describes a high sensitivity strain sensor using a surface acoustic wave (SAW) for wireless IC tags (RFID) and sensor networks, and numerically discusses a strain measurement method for observing saw resonant frequency shifts caused by distortion.
Saw resonant frequency and frequency resolution are 1GHz and 0. Assuming 1Hz, the detectable strain is calculated as 10-10.
Saw sensor with resonant frequency of 40MHz was designed and fabricated by micro machining on a crystal substrate.
We propose a real-time phase stamp range finder (phase-stamp range finder: PSRF) using a three-phase correlated image sensor (3PCIS).
Except for 3PCIS and 3 phase reference signal generator, it is composed of the same parts as the conventional optical stripe range finder.
While a single scan is performed on the sheet beam, 3PCIS stamps the phase of the reference signal at the moment when the light stripe is imaged on each pixel.
Thus, by converting the detected phase to the angle of the projection sheet beam, the three-dimensional shape of the object can be obtained in real time.
Compared with the time stamp VLSI range finder, PSRF is less susceptible to spatial heterogeneity of surface reflectivity of the target object and background lighting.
The proposed PSRF is easier to structure than modulated PSRF.
On the diversity of the properties of water, first, hydrogen bonding, which is the force that works between water molecules, and its network structure are explained.
Next, the change of the hydrogen bond network which is the basis of the motion of water is explained.
The water molecules in the local part of the hydrogen bond move collectively, and the water molecules in the other parts do not.
Energy fluctuations associated with such intermittent motion are shown.
Finally, this paper explains how water freezes, changes in water pH, and the meaning of pH7.
This paper introduces technical results of forming single crystal films of insulators, metals, and strong dielectrics on silicon substrates.
Various functional thin films can be formed on chemically stable alumina films by CVD and MBE methods.
Various sensors using multilayer thin films are realized.
This paper reports what has been done for the solution of the charge problem of the phase plate which was the most difficult problem in the phase difference electron microscope development.
One is the microfabrication technology of the phase plate, which is solved by the processing method by FIB (focus ion beam apparatus).
The other is the charge problem of the phase plate, and among them, 1) the inevitable charged dirt in the thin film processing was solved by sandwich carbon coating, and 2) the electrosculative intrinsic dirt from the organic matter sample was solved by the fabrication of the new electron microscope apparatus.
The titled hafnium-related thin film oxide has been widely studied as a tip gate dielectric for field-effect transistors (FETs).
Therefore, the physical properties of high k nano laminate materials composed of HfO2 and SiNx were examined.
The effects of deposition and annealing processes were investigated using surface analysis.
Changes in chemical condition, depth composition profile and band offset were investigated using XPS.
The bandgagat was also investigated using the ESEELS method (elastic scattering electron energy loss spectrum).
It was clarified that the Hf/(Hf+Si) ratio does not affect the bandgaf, but has an effect on the band offset for nano laminates.
The anti-density distribution of deformed nuclei was investigated using the Hartree-Fock-Bogoliubov method.
Axisymmetymmety quadratode deformed nuclei are targeted.
The angle dependence of density distribution and contrast density distribution was found using surface type vs. correlation.
102Zr was analyzed for angles of 0, π/4, and π/2 from the radial axis.
It was found that the deformation affected the vs. density distribution.
Slightly over-added (Tc=86. 0K) and moderately over-added (Tc=82. 5K) Bi2Sr2CaCu2O8+δ (Bi‐2212) Single crystal Josephson vortex flow resistance was measured and the magnetic state diagram was examined.
From the periodic oscillation of the flow resistance, the top and bottom phase boundaries of the three-dimensional regular Josephson vortex lattice phase are obtained.
Doping caused a significant change in the underlying world of the three-dimensional regular vortex phase.
At the lower phase boundary, josephson vortex lattice formation began, and Josephson vortex yarn was filled in the layer, reflecting an an anthodicity.
The upper phase boundary suggests a phase transition from the Josephson vortex lattice state to the two-dimensional quasi-regular state.
The title tape was prepared by pit method.
In doing so, as internal and external sheath materials, Ag and Ag-0, respectively. 3% by weight Mn was used.
On this tape, mechanical characteristics and critical current degradation under axial fatigue load were examined.
The result is described in detail.
A title detector using superconducting tunnel junction (STJ) has been developed.
This STJ is made up of multilayer structures of Nb/Al/AlOx/Al/Nb, and the substrate is LiNbO3 single crystal.
THz wave irradiation is converted into phonon with LiNbO3 crystals, which reach the Nb-based electrode and destroy the Cooper twin.
As a result, the THz wave can be detected as a tnneling current signal in STJ.
SiO2 films and nanodots were deposited using plasma-promoted chemical vapor deposition ( PECVD) developed for low-temperature microcrystalline silicon transistors.
The former used a conductively coupled plasma (CCP) source and, in the latter case, an inductively coupled plasma (ICP) source.
The density and diameter distribution of Si dots could be changed by the generation temperature.
It was also found that the shape and crystallineity of the dots depended on the temperature.
The SiO2 film showed excellent performance even below 430°C, and the memory effect of Si dot MOS capacitor was confirmed.
Protein localization and dynamics of reproductive granule component proteins in germ cells were examined.
As a result of EST analysis of vasa of medaca and EST of Medaca, two newly identified genes were fused to the GFP or RFP gene and introduced into the fertilized egg of Medaca.
As a result, germ cell lines were expressed specifically, and analysis was carried out using fluorescence correlation microscopy and laser scanning fluorescence microscopy.
As a result of the examination, it was confirmed that the fusion gene product showed the specific expression of the germ cell line and formed a patchy cytoptnaetic structure thought to be a germ granule in the vicinity of the nucleus.
The stability of the Al/Si (PFTS/Al/Si) surface in reaction with perfluorodecyltriclorosilan (PFTS) was investigated using XPS and contact angle measurement (CAM).
According to XPS, perfluoroized alkyle chain coatings exist on PFTS/Al/Si exposed to PFTS/Al/Si, 140-hours field exposed to 140-hour field, and PFTS/Al/Si exposed to nitrate treated 140-hour field.
Cam carried out on these three surfaces shows that the static water contact angle is >115°, and it shows that the wet hysteresis is almost constant, and shows high hydrophobicity and good resistance.
That is, nitric acid (pH) of PFTS/Al/Si < 1. Stability to 8,60°C for 30 minutes) is shown.
AFM data show that there is no significant difference in surface roughness of PFTS/Al/Si before and after warm nitrate treatment, and that pfts/Al/Si film is stable.
Liquid crystals have unlimited possibilities that can be applied to various functional materials.
Construction of the structure of the tissue by molecular design and new functionalization are tried.
This paper describes design of liquid crystal and nano phase separation structure, material transport and separation by liquid crystal, and electrical function of liquid crystal.
The shape of molecules and intermolecular interactions greatly affect the self-organizing structure.
After describing the characteristics and insulation destruction of particle transport under atmospheric pressure, representative atmospheric pressure non-thermal equilibrium plasma source is taken up, and its properties and features are outlined.
Corona discharge is a discharge generated under an unequal electric field such as needle-to-flat electrodes and wire-to-flat electrodes.
Dielectric barrier discharge is caused by dielectric barrier discharge when dielectrics are arranged on at least one electrode such as parallel plate electrodes and circular cylindrical electrodes, and alternating current or pulse voltage is applied between electrodes.
Filament-like microdissals are the most common form of dielectric barrier discharge, in which thin poles (filaments) appear through the entire electrode.
Atmospheric pressure glow discharge is a uniform discharge obtained by introducing atmospheric pressure helium into a typical dielectric barrier discharge reactor and applied an ALTERNATING voltage.
Polarization plays an increasingly important role in the industrial fields from liquid crystal displays to optical records and from bioengineering to remote sensing.
In addition, products using polarizing elements and polarizing elements themselves are becoming more and more complex and used.
A system for measuring the complete Mueller matrix of a sample will be useful for the use of most types of polarized samples now or in the future, since it has the advantage of measuring all of the polarization characteristics of the sample.
This paper briefly describes the basis of polarization measurement, and explains the Mueller matrix for describing the polarization characteristics of the sample.
The AxoScan system which measures the complete Mueller matrix of the sample is also described, and the measurement example which can be performed by this method is shown.
Automatic control of flow rate is described, and sequence control is explained.
The principle of the flow sensor detects the position of the float in the taper tube of the floating flowmeter by differential transformer, and manages the flow rate by the voltage control of this.
Model, basic configuration, and standard of this flow sensor are illustrated and introduced.
Standards and precautions for model selection, standard measurement system examples are described, and constant flow control is introduced as an application example.
The titled attenuation standard was established.
The light source is a light emitting diode with a central wavelength of 850 nm and a Gaussian spectrum half-width of 50 nm, and the optical fiber has an effective core diameter of 26 μm and an effective opening number of 0. 11 multi-mode GI type.
The measurement temperature was 22°C and the measurement range of the attenuation was 10‐50dB.
International comparison results by Japan (ETL), Italy (CCLT), Netherlands (VSL), Germany (PTB), and France (LCIE) are discussed.
Since the wireless relay station is installed on the summit of the high altitude, power failure and equipment damage by lightning become problems.
24 lightning strikes in the radio tower and distribution line were observed in the winter of 1990 fiscal year, and lightning current waveform, duration of lightning current, estimation of lightning intrusion path and lightning attack aspect were examined.
The polarity of lightning is 75% between positive polarity and bipolarity, and positive polarity current flows in bipolar lightning strikes following negative polarity.
The lightning strike ratio between the radio tower and the distribution line is equal.
The United States is trying to promote its international competitive advantage through close cooperation between governments, industry, and universities.
In early 1987, an experiment on high-temperature superconductivity of yttrium and copper oxides was reported, and a global research competition began, and in particular, a promotion policy was taken by the country so as not to be late for Japan.
In President Reagan's speech, a subsidy plan for the development system of industry, government, and industry was proposed, concrete legislative and administrative measures were taken, and five strengthening bills were proposed.
[1988] Federal Research and Development Agencies were budgeted for the Department of Defense ($11.5 million), the Federal Department of Energy ($10 million), the National Science Foundation ($6.6 million), the Aeronautics and Space Administration ($750,000), and the Department of Commerce ($150,000). 1］
This paper outlines supply and demand trends in the world and Japan, and classifies and positions the representative grades of each company.
As recent trends in molding processing technology, molding method including mold design to make use of characteristics and molding method to improve weld strength are described.
On the application, trends and prospects in injection molded products and extruded molded products and polymer alloys are described.
Recent topics on recycling are introduced.
A pancake coil with an inner diameter of 40 mm was made using silver-coated bismuth-based 61-core high-temperature superconducting lines of 600m and 1200m.
Both were cooled by GM refrigerator.
1． The 0T coil succeeded in continuous operation for 100 hours.
The latter coil is 2.5% in liquid helium. I put out 2T.
Even in 64K 0. I'm 56T out.
Next to the mass production of holograms will be full color.
The titled hologram is a polymer-based volume hologram using DMP-128 photopolyma as a recording photosensive material, which paves the way for mass production of holograms at low cost.
This hologram has the feature of playing bright and clear images under white scattered light, and has high added value in the future from chemical processing process technology.
This document explains the characteristics of photopolymers and the recording process.
The flight time method using the pulse laser was used as the photoconduction measurement method.
Anthracene crystals were scissored with transparent electrodes, light was incident from one side, and the current by the transfer of the charge carya generated near the surface by an external electric field was observed.
A 420 nm light generated a photocurrent signal proportional to the secondary light intensity.
A detailed analysis of the excitation light intensity dependence determined that it was due to photoionization.
For the database management system, analysis tool, and output tool, a commercially available system was adopted, and the portability and maintainability of the system were increased.
Considering that material development and improvement of data system are advanced in parallel, we have developed a system focusing on distribution of fresh data, improvement of data quality, derivation of ad-by-place model, and creation of tools for material design reflecting data at each time.
[1994] Since the operation on the user's side is important for supporting ideas in material development, an interface for material manipulation at the atomic level was developed. 8］
Geometric optical theory of steady wave based on ray coincidence is developed.
This kind of ray can be called a wave surface normal ray.
In order to explain the basic concept, the problem of reflection and refraction of cylindrical waves at the plane boundary is taken up.
The satisfactory equations of the incident angle and reflection angle of the wave are derived by the principle of the wave surface normal ray.
And, a new expression form of Snell&a0/&a0' law on refraction is described.
This paper explains the most important concept for building a chemical world image, and its historical history.
In the 17th century, the law of constant proportionality (1799), the atomic hypothesis (1803), the law of multiple proportionality, and the law of gase gaseal reaction (1808) were advanced, beginning with the mass preservation law which explained combustion.
Amogatadro&apos;s hypothesis (1811) contributed to the subsequent development.
Faraday's law (1834) recognized ions and opened the way for the study of isotopes.
Also mention the problem of unit notation of atomic weights
In the material manufacturing process, it is necessary to precisely control thermal phenomena such as melting, solidification, and sudden cooling of substances.
The heat transfer mechanism in the transcritical process of the fluid was elucidated.
Macroscopic heat-transmitting properties of fluids near critical points were clarified by experiments and numerical analysis.
In order to elucidate super-rapid transmission phenomena microscopically, the formation of molecular clusters with temperature and pressure changes was also examined by large-scale numerical analysis using molecular dynamics techniques [1994. 3］
This paper develops the title for coating particles by plasma CVD.
Methane conversion was used to study the characteristics of this form of res reactor.
The introduction of reactive gases from the sides of the direct flow plasma jet did not change the plasma stability, and the gas was efficiently activated even if there were particles.
The presence of excess hydrogen promoted carbon production and showed the possibility of plasma CVD on flowing particles[1994.] 3］
For laser fusion, this paper discusses the technology development to infiltrate liquid fuel into ultra-low density plastic foam for forming cryo-target consisting of a uniform fuel layer in a hollow sphere.
The foam hollow sphere was fabricated by density matching emulsion method.
A low density ablator layer was formed on the outside.
The processing accuracy was sem and interference measurement, and the mechanical strength was decided by the pulling stress measurement.
More than 98% spherical and film thickness uniformity, 0. Smoothness of less than 2μm was realized.
This paper described the conduction characteristics of the previously reported thin films in the as-ground state, and examined the differences from thin films showing superconductivity in as-graun obtained at present.
In the characteristic evaluation of the thin film, the temperature resistance characteristics were identified by the direct current 4 terminal method, and the crystal structure was identified by X-ray diffration.
As‐grownBiSrCaCuO thin films were fabricated under two different fabrication conditions.
Both c-axis lengths were c-axis orientation films corresponding to the Bi2212 phase.
However, there are some that show semiconductor temperature resistance characteristics and those that show superconductivity characteristics by fabrication conditions.
For the wall turbulence of the high Reynolds number, the formula and numerical analysis for evaluating the turbulence characteristics without using semi-experienced parameters were carried out.
In this method, the two-point correlation contained in the turbulent variation equation is separated into variables corresponding to each point.
The governing equation obtained by this is also useful for shear turbulence such as wall turbulence.
An example of the solution is shown.
In order to clarifi the splitting mechanism of spraying, high pressure steady spraying of water continuously sprayed from single hole nozzles was analyzed.
By the phase doppler (PDPA) method, 5000 captured particles were measured at each point up to 500 mm for every 100 mm distance from the nozzle.
The particles were measured, and all the individual data of the particles entering the measurement volume were recorded with the inflow time in the raw data mode.
The division of liquid mass and large particle size particles progressed away from the nozzle, and various changes were reduced at 500 mm.
0. For optical fiber amplifiers using InGaP/InGaAsP materials without Al. An embedded heterostructure strain quantum well laser as a 98μm band excitation light source has been developed.
The stable operation of 2000hr was confirmed.
The effect of particle aggregation on the titled characteristics was compared by experiment and analysis.
Magnetic fluid was filled in the horizontal circular tube closed circuit, and a heater and electromagnetic field were provided externally, and flow speed, temperature difference, and pressure difference detection end were inserted.
The magnetic field was added to the tube axis at right angles or in parallel opposite directions.
The pressure difference and flow speed of magnetic fluid caused by the temperature difference between the magnetic field inlet and outlet were measured.
On the other hand, the calculation formula of viscosity increase and pressure difference is derived from the theory that spherical particles aggregate and become the major ellipsoidal group.
The effect of magnetic field direction and agglomeration number on temperature difference-pressure difference is illustrated.
This paper explains the titled measurement technology on vibration and temperature in the heavy machinery industry.
The strain measurement by the wireless telemeter of the turbine wing does not require a slip ring, and the temperature is an optical pyrometer, and the clearance of the wing and casing can be non-contact measurement with an optical fiber laser.
The wear of the thin tube support portion of the heat exchanger is calculated from the measurement values of the laser displacement meter and the strain gauge type force sensor.
The laser Doppler vibration meter is used for vibration measurement with high resolution.
Infrared measurement using radiant heat is useful for stress analysis
Scattering of oxygen gas molecules from graphite surface was simulated by molecular dynamics.
The experiment was carried out by scattering the supersonic molecular beam of O2 to a clean graphite surface in the UHV chamber.
The results of the angle distribution of scattered O2 agree well.
It was found that the loss of rotational energy was most affected by the initial rotational energy, but energy transfer was also an important factor.
This paper introduces the topic on nonlinear wave motion in lattice mechanics and local mode brought about by nonlinearity of lattices.
First, the soliton solution of the KdV equation is explained, and then the breather solution of the sine-Gordon equation and the nonlinear Schroedinger equation, the 2-kink solution, and the envelope soliton are described.
This paper clarifies the properties of spatially localized mode solutions of lattice equations derived from one-dimensional in harmony potentials.
It is expected that a steady-state local mode exists even in multidimensional lattices.
The dynamic equilibrium surface morphology depended on annealing conditions and the miscut direction of the substrate.
The annealing conditions studied and substrates contained many of the normal conditions under which MACVD epitaxial growth is performed.
Experimental results show that the slightly oblique GaAs(001) surface annealed in an AsH3/H2 atmosphere tended to form step bunching.
The experimental results are explained by the model.
Flow sensors for measuring the flow rate of fluid flowing in the piping of the plant are used in various types depending on the nature and conditions of the fluid.
Therefore, it is necessary to select an appropriate sensor according to the difference in the nature and conditions of the fluid.
In this paper, the measurement principle, advantages and disadvantages of typical flow sensors are briefly explained, and cases in which the application range has been expanded using recent technology are introduced.
This paper mentions production trends and features of flow meters by type, such as differential pressure flowmeters, electromagnetic flow meters, area flow meters, capacitive flow meters, etc.
Recently, there is remarkable development of near field optics using ebanecent light.
In this paper, a virtual near-field optical microscope was constructed on a computer using a wave guide mode isolated integral equation method, and the animation was produced.
By displaying it in the animation, it was clarified that the light distribution change in the vicinity of the probe can be easily understood.
The fabricated system can also be applied to CAD of near-field optics.
Titled optical switching and optical recording images were formed, and their stability was investigated.
The titled liquid crystal thin film was formed by one axis orientation on the glass substrate, and the transmitted light amount through the polarizing plate was measured.
The nematic phase disappeared by the irradiation of the brilliant beam of 366nm, and the transmitted light amount was zero.
The image (I) was formed by laser pulse irradiation, and the stability of more than one year was shown at room temperature.
I was able to be erased at a temperature above Tg.
The mechanism of the heat return reaction is discussed.
Using the title polyimide, homogeneous orientation formation of liquid crystals with tilt angles was studied.
A helical polyimide (I) film and a straight chain polyimide (II) film were formed on a glass substrate, respectively, and in-surface orientation and tilt irradiation were performed by UV irradiation.
Liquid crystals for active matrices were injected into the cells.
The main chain cutting was seen by UV, and only a small tilt angle was shown regardless of the UV irradiation angle.
The orientation of II was stable and no reverse tilt was observed.
The tilt direction was the same as that of UV irradiation.
This is to explain the application of chemical processes using supercritical phases in which fluids do not change phase regardless of temperature or pressure.
There are fields such as separation and extraction of useful substances, improvement of restability, creation of new materials, waste treatment, analysis, etc.
Research on environmentally friendly reaction process, effective u use of unavailable resources, material creation, reactive properties, etc. is carried out.
This study introduces a research example of the application of fluorocarbons to hydrolysis.
As a high temperature gas furnace type maina actinoid (MA) annihilation furnace, the combustion characteristics of the annihilation furnace using Pu obtained from reprocessing as fuel were examined.
The results show that a high degree of combustion of about 500 GWd/t and a MA extinction rate of about 40% can be achieved.
In addition, the MA separation model in which the fuel is loaded by separating the fuel into the MA fuel ball and the Pu fuel ball was able to achieve the MA extinction rate of about 70%.
This furnace is promising and well worth considering in the future.
Melt fracture or unstable flow is becoming increasingly important in high-speed molding.
On this phenomenon, melt fracture generation region and flow curve.
Melt fracture characteristics in HDPE.
Flow patterns and extrusion forms in reservoirs.
It is considered by each item of the spiraling melt fracture generation mechanism.
And, melt fracture prevention measures are also described.
This paper explains the features of the hydrogen storage alloy surface and the composition and structure control technology of the alloy thin film in the case of application to electrode materials.
The storage and release reaction of hydrogen is greatly influenced by the surface properties of the alloy.
The utilization is on how to control the alloy powder surface to the film structure suitable for storage in bulk materials, and the same problem is problem in the case of thin films.
Thinning of these alloys is an effective method for material synthesis with higher performance hydrogen storage properties.
A polymer dispersive liquid crystal layer including a true monosizing liquid crystal domain was examined, and a monod dispersion polymer sphere containing an individual liquid crystal nucleus was obtained.
Liquid crystal particles wrapped in such polymers are easy to make between several μm and 5 μm per 10 minutes.
Layers of liquid crystal particles wrapped in polymers of various compositions were made considering electro-optical properties and others.
Finally, the particle size is 1. A layer of 29μm thickness was made by dispersing 75wt% in polymers at 25μm.
As a result, V10=11 as electro-optical characteristics. 8V, V90=18V were obtained.
0． A thermal flow sensor with a wide flow measurement range of 005〜90m/s and high durability was developed.
Using this sensor, a multi-point measurement type flowmeter of non-developmental random diversion was developed.
This flowmeter is 0.000000000000000000000000000000000 The flow rate of 20 to 3200 m3 / h or more in the inner diameter tube of 2 m can be detected.
If this flowmeter is used, a long straight pipe part is unnecessary for piping, and downsizing of instrumentation system mounting becomes possible.
This paper outlines trends of measurement technology of reflection and transmitted object color, and introduces cases to be careful in colorilogy.
The measurement method of the color is greatly different from the light-measured method and the stimulus value direct reading method, and the principle is introduced.
This is to show the type of color meter and specification list.
As a feature of color measurement, the type which measures reflected light in the direction tilted a little from the sample normal by lighting the sample by diffusion illumination using the integral sphere is increasing.
The results of three years of the titled investigation expert committee are reported.
Electrical, optical, photoelectric and structural evaluation techniques are detailed.
Functions and devices are classified and explained in the same way, and problems in film fabrication technology are also described.
The top data of the II-VI group compound semiconductor laser has already been developed to the level comparable to that of III-V lasers on quiet characteristics such as thresholds.
The light output of 87mW in continuous operation and 840mW in pulse operation has also been confirmed, and application to disk writing applications can be expected.
Improvement of life span is a big problem of practical application.
The present state of these research and development is viewed.
The turbulence of the viscous fluid past the square column was largeedy simulated, and the effects of water width and numerical viscosity were investigated.
The conditions under which the effect of turbulent viscosity is correctly evaluated by the large and small relation between turbulent viscosity and numerical viscosity were examined.
And, the method of appropriately selecting the filter width was examined in order to preeminent the effect of turbulent viscosity in the turbulent basin.
These results of a two-dimensional flow LES with a Reynolds number of 22000 around the square column were examined.
First, this page explains the transition between the energy level and the level of the atom.
Next, the energy level and spectrum of molecules are taken up, and CO2 lasers and excimer lasers are mentioned.
This paper explains that the spectrum of light transitioning between levels is Lorenz type, and explains that the spread of the spectrum by the doppler effect is Gaussian type.
Cutting, platering, abrasive and metalbing of diamond film by laser are reviewed.
Laser processing is performed by local heating and ablation by high density luminous flux.
The effects on the damage threshold and etching rate of the diamond film when the wavelength and pulse interval of the laser were changed over a wide range were compared and examined.
This paper discusses a new method for selectively selective ni and Cu on laser-activated diamond surfaces.
This paper introduces the application of lasers to selective diamond film precipitation, groove processing, annealing of defects, uniform nucleation, improvement of adhesion, etc.
N-(1-pyrenmethyl)‐1‐pyrenmetane carboxamide (I) was synthesized by the amidation reaction of 1-pyrenacetic acid and 1-pyrenmethylamine.
Phenylcarboxamide (II), cyclohekylcyl carboxamide (III) and 1-pyrenacetic acid 1-pyrenmethyl (IV) of 1-pyrene methylamine were synthesized as references.
The fluorescence spectrum of I showed the concentration dependence representing the formation of the aggregate.
It is shown that the set behavior of I can be detected by the spectral method.
Since the fluorescence spectra of II to IV had no concentration dependence or weakness, it was confirmed that I may have formed a feature by the accumulation of hydrogen bonds and pilen units of amide groups unlike others.
In order to put the titled junction into practical use, it is necessary to be able to produce a large number of junctions with designable and reproducible values for critical current value Ic, constant conduction resistance Rn, etc.
Therefore, the microstructure of various types of high temperature superconducting Josephson junctions developed so far has been investigated using TAM, and in this paper, the relation between the structure and characteristic reproducibility is described.
Josephson junctions can be classified into grain interface type and multilayer type, and each of them is explained.
In addition, this paper also shows the role of the homoepityxial growth technology of YBCO, which is expected as a Josephson junction production method for obtaining desirable Ic and Rn reproducibly.
In the motion Stark effect (MSE) diagnosis system, the polarization angle of the Dα and Hα rays of tangential incident NB σ components is measured.
A new 9-channel polarimeter was added to the conventional 5 channels, and the entire plasma radius (R=3. 04〜4． Safety coefficient q distribution measurement over 29m) became possible.
And, the dielectric multilayer mirror was introduced, and the background light was greatly reduced.
Since the change of polarization angle by multilayer mirror is large, the calibration method is also described.
A new inline flowmeter was developed.
The principle is to measure the Kalman vortex row generated in the liquid in the tube with an ultrasonic oscillator and receiver outside the tube to measure the volume flow rate.
The features are simple without sealing part and high safety, no movable part in the pipe and no maintenance required, and since the sensor is outside the pipe, it can be replaced without stopping the flow of the process even in case of failure.
Measurable flow rate range 0. 2〜6． It is 0m/sec, Reynolds number range 5000 or more, accuracy 1% (vs. instruction value).
A self-holding single-mode optical fiber switch was configured using a technology to make high-precision micropipes by metallization and etching to optical fibers.
Various characteristics of this optical switch are introduced.
This paper mentions application technology to communication system, functional optical device, optical measurement system, etc.
And, the latest technology trend of the microphotomechanical switch aiming at the economy and large scale of the optical switch is viewed.
This paper explains the minute research of the titled particles with the size of nanometers.
First, quantum size effect and resonance size selection excitation minute in the minimum excitation energy are outlined.
Next, the exciter state of ii-VI semiconductor mesozcopic particles is mainly explained in the case of CdSe microcrystals from the viewpoints of quantum size effect, exciter/carrier dynamics, and photosolytic phenomena.
For comparison, explanations on group IV and I-VII semiconductor mesoscopic particles with different characteristics are added.
Finally, recent trends and problems in this field are described.
On the titled connector of MT (Mechanically Transferable) shape, the structure and basic characteristics are explained.
And, the MPO (Multifiber Push-On) type connector and mini-MPO type connector based on this connector technology are also mentioned.
As characteristics, data of mechanical test and environmental test are shown.
High-speed assembly multi-heart connector is mentioned as a future problem.
The characteristics of hydrophobic polymer (poly1) brushes and their hydrolyzate amphiphilic polymer (poly2) brushes by surface initiation polymerization of methacrylic acid (2,2-dimethyl-1,3‐dixolan‐4‐il) methyl on silicon wafers were examined.
A poly1 brush was prepared by surface-initiating atomic transfer radical polymeration using a complex of CuBr and (-)-spartein in silicon wafers surface treated with 6′-trietoxysyl hexyl‐2‐bromisobutyrate.
In addition, a poly(2) brush was prepared by hydrolysis by HCl.
The molecular weight, film thickness, surface roughness, contact angle of water, and friction coefficients of stainless steel spheres or glass ball probes in water and air were evaluated.
As a result, it was found that the friction coefficient of poly 2 brushes was significantly smaller in water than that of poly 1 brushes, but was oppositely larger in air.
In addition to fabrication, falsification, and plagiarism of data and ideas, there are various forms and degrees of misconduct in scientific papers.
In Japan, the response to cheating has been delayed.
Ethics education for young researchers, setting of the code of ethics, etc., should be strong in each institution.
In addition, institutions such as office of research integrity (ORI) in the United States should be established as soon as possible to review and adjudicate misconduct.
This paper explains a new theory on the glass transition point from the crosslinked resin to the wire type polymer of the author.
The author has already published a paper titled "New Theories on Physical Properties from Crosslinked Resins to Wire-Shaped Polymers: Melting Point, Glass Transition Point (Tg) and Strength." Applied　Polymer　Science（Vol． It was announced at 97,1467‐1475(2005)).
In the new theory, the crosslinking resin forms different segments depending on the temperature of curing and post-curing, so that the g also changes.
And, Tg of the wire type polymer considered the binding part of two rows bound by the van der Waals force between the main chains as a segment, and the thermal elongation rate from 0°C of the C-C bond was made to be a temperature of 1%.
At the end of 2006, polonium attracted the public's attention due to the suspicious death of a former member of the Information Department of the Russian Federal Security Agency.
Polonium is an element discovered by Mr. and Mrs. Curie in 1898, and polonium 210 is the most common naturally present.
The characteristic of polonium as a poison is that (1) the radioactivity is 10 billion times that of uranium 238, (2) mainly α-disintegrates, and (3) when taken into the body, the permeability of the α-line is extremely low.
Polonium 210 is very small, but it is also contained in tobacco smoke.
When ozone is generated by silent discharge using oxygen as a raw material, ozone generation is promoted when nitrogen coexists in the raw material gas.
It was presumed to be the influence of nitrogen discharge light, and nitrogen discharge light was injected into the silent discharge space in oxygen.
The amount of ozone produced increased by about 2mg/h.
When a large intermittent pulse irradiates discharge light when nitrogen discharge light is not irradiated, it is found from the lisaju figure of the discharge current that it pulses in a small group.
The second harmonic generation (SHG) of small molecule organic compounds is described, and examples of SHG active molecules and present state of molecular design are described.
Next, as a method of realizing SHG activity in the polymer system, molecules with large super-polarity coefficient (β) are dispersed in the matrix and polled.
This paper β present state of research by introducing molecules with large values into the side chain and using strongly dielectric polymers, and describing the problems.
Langmuir-blodgett method and packaging are also mentioned.
Electrostatic pseudo-liquid film (ESPLIM), which is a new pseudo-liquid film, is shown.
The apparatus used for this liquid film operation consists of an extraction tank partitioned by a baffle plate and a reverse extraction tank, and both tanks are equipped with two coated electrodes.
An alternating voltage is applied to the electrode.
This method does not require surfactants compared to emulsified liquid films, and has advantages such as simple process.
A fine particle resin was obtained by interface mold weighting using O/W type emulsion.
First, the synthesis method is explained, and then the function is described.
The amount of adsorption of Cu(II) by interface mold resin with phosphate group increased with increasing pH.
A hot line for adsorption of Cu(II) adsorption by an interface mold resin with a carboxyl group was drawn.
The amount of Zn(II) adsorption by W/O interface mold resin using georail phosphate ester as a functional monoma increased with increasing pH.
The title research was carried out, and the result was summarized.
First, the molecular weight dependence of the diffusion coefficient D at 298K of monod dispersion polyisoprene (PI) was investigated.
And, the high molecular weight PI was slightly mixed in pi of low molecular weight, and D of high molecular weight PI was measured.
Next, in order to investigate how the combination effect is reflected in the fluctuation of the distance between both ends in the process of transitioning from dilute solution to the rich system, dielectric normal mode relaxation (R) of PI in pi/polybutadiene (PB)/heptan tricomponent system was examined.
As a polymer blend system in the bulk state, a small amount of low molecular weight PI was mixed in PB, and R was examined.
A review of R research conducted in 1986 and 1987 was also attached [1994. 3］
FIB-SIMS is a combination of SIMS with submicron resolution, GaFIB, and multichand detection system.
GaFIB-SIMS has high spatial resolution and a unique scanning mode (Shade-off mode).
Save‐off analysis, relative sensitivity coefficient, and oxide matrix effect in quantitative analysis are outlined.
Examples of analysis of inorganic microcapsules with a diameter of 2 to 3 μm and nonmetalinics in steel are shown.
This is to discuss the recent radiant drug manufacturing facilities and facilities of RADIO RESEARCH INSTITUTE, and the manufacturing and features using them.
The facilities consist of a cyclotron main body room (avf930 and HM18 operated) that accelerates charged particles, a RI production irradiation room, two hot labs for synthesizing radiant agents, a semi-hot lab room, a dispensing room, an automatic synthesis equipment development room, and a reagent preparation room.
AVF930 has many types of isodics that can be manufactured, and metal nucleodes such as 123I and 77Br SPECT nuclea, 28Mg, 42, 43K, 52Fe, 56Ni, 61Cu, 62Zn, 95mTc, etc. can also be manufactured.
HM18 is limited to H and D acceleration particles and is mainly used for the production of PET nucleols such as 11C and 18F.
The synthesis and materiality of new carcogenocarvic acid including high period group 16 elements such as S, Se and Te and its alkali metal salts and esters were elucidated.
As a result, selenocarvic acid (RCSeH, RCSeOH), telrocarbolic acid (RCTeH, RCTeOH), and these rubidium and cesium salts were synthesized from O-cyril selenoesters and -telloesters, respectively.
On the other hand, synthesis of selenothioesters (RCSeSR′) and diserenoesters (RCSeSeR′) was also performed.
These compounds were singled out, and their spectra and X-ray structural analysis were investigated.
In addition, various resynthesity was also examined [1996. 3］
The molecular and reaction dynamics of medium density fluids (supercritical fluids) were examined in the picosecond region by the titled (Transparent Grating-TG method) and the transition absorption method.
The TG method in the nano to millisecond region was applied to the research of dynamics in liquid crystal, interface, cluster, emulsion, medium density fluid, etc., and the method such as volume grating and class tag rating was developed, and the application was tried.
As an example of the study of the initial photochemistry process by the nanosecond time decomposition ESR method, the magnetic field dependence of the triplet mechanism of chemical induced dynamic electron polarity (CIDEP) was examined by low frequency time decomposition EPR.
In addition, the dynamics of early photochemistry and spin by CW and FT time-decomposed EPR were studied [1995. 3］
Scanning probe microscopy (SPM) is based on scanning tunneling microscopy (STM), but SPM using various interactions between samples and probes has been studied and developed.
That is, atomic force microscope (AFM), magnetic force microscope, friction force microscope (FFM), electrochemical STM, lateral vibration FFM, scanning near field AFM, etc.
Many of these principles and observation examples are shown.
The feature is a measurement method that can observe high magnification of tens of thousands to hundreds of thousands of times without damage by electron rays, but it has developed from shape observation to materiality measurement and micromanipulation, and it is a microscope with a wide range of application fields.
By continuously adding water to a uniform solution of water/ethanol/monoma, the solubility of the monoma was lowered, and the monoma was continuously separated in small quantities throughout the system.
Finally, a large amount of monoma was absorbed evenly by monod dispersion seed particles.
By this method, single dispersion styrene swelling particles were obtained, and the titled fine particles were synthesized.
The prevention of the generation of by-product fine particles during heavy uding was also examined.
When energy is consumed by human activities, artificial waste heat and pollutants are born, and heat islands are born in large cities, and these are stagnant.
A microclimate occurs near the surface of the earth.
As for the discharge, CO2, NOX, airborne particulate matter, etc. become problems.
In the city center, the thermal conductivity and heat capacity of the road are high, and the permeability is low, so it is easy to become high temperature.
These urban climates are formed in order to consume high energy in narrow urban areas.
The solar constant S is an important external parameter for determining the climate of the planet.
It is said that the atmospheric composition and climatic conditions of Venus, Earth, and Mars differ greatly due to the difference in S.
This paper uses a simple three-dimensional model to change the climate by the value of S and its physical consideration.
The numerical model used is an atmospheric general circulation model including a simple hydro sentence process.
In relation to the Horonobe deep stratum research project, the Okamag fault investigation was carried out by electromagnetic method.
59 AMT measurements using the remote reference method were carried out.
The underground resistive structure from the surface to the altitude of 1000km was found and compared with the existing geological structure.
As a result, the plane distribution of the specific resistance tended to extend in the NNW-SSE direction, and corresponded well with the geological distribution.
And, it corresponds well with the electric layer result, and it is shown that the Greater Bend fault can be estimated from the specific resistance distribution.
This paper summarizes the construction of the hydrolysed stratum model and groundwater flow analysis procedure until 2004 in the Horonobe deep stratum research plan.
Based on the hydrolysorical characteristics extracted from existing information, sensitivity analysis of groundwater flow was carried out for 50km square including Horonobe Town.
As a result, the sensitivity of the feed amount and permeability coefficient was high and low for the total water head distribution and groundwater transition path.
In the area around the research institute establishment district, the dominant flow system in shallow and deep places was found.
In the investigation using the boring hole, the result of the erythripical test and the indoor permeability test was examined.
As a result, it was proven that there was a depth dependence on the permeability coefficient in all strata, and that the tendency was remarkable especially in the wakka inner layer, and that they correlated with the presence or absence of the crack band.
Lakes and marshes are part of the groundwater flow system.
The method for determining the type of lake from the three hydrosan geological factors (region superiority, system efficiency, and lake position) shown by Born et co. seems to be effective for evaluating the groundwater recharge function of reservoirs.
In this study, the method of lake research by Born and his patients was used as a case study for the reservoir group of the valley type in Hiroshima Prefecture, and the groundwater recharge function was examined.
In the research, the surface water outflow amount measurement, water quality, radon concentration measurement of the reservoir were carried out, and the flow balance type and radon balance formula with unknown groundwater inflow and groundwater outflow were set up, and the groundwater inflow amount to the reservoir and the groundwater outflow amount from the reservoir were requested by solving this coalition equation.
In the Randall‐Sundrum2 universe, the relationship between the curve perturbation spectrum generated on the brain after volume inflation and the resulting mass spectrum of the primitive black hole is discussed.
And, the blue spectrum index of the perturbation of the curve was also discussed using the observation data of the external galaxy diffusion photon background.
The mass spectrum of the primitive black hole is given, and it is shown that it agrees with the standard spectrum of 4 dimensions on a large scale.
And, the limitation for the blue spectrum and the reheating temperature was given, and it was shown that it was stronger than the standard result of 4D.
In the Agathy ice cap on Elsmere Island in the Canadian Arctic Archipelago, a preliminary survey was carried out in the spring of 1992 to determine the drilling site of the ice core and to investigate the process of upreaying impurities on the ice cap surface.
The survey was conducted at two locations near the top of the ice cap, one in the somely lower basin, and one in a total of three places. A pit of about 5m was dug, and snow cover was continuously sampled from the side.
As a result of the analysis, it was found that the annual income and expenditure in the Agathy ice cap was about 40 cm in snow, and that a clear seasonal change was observed in the ion main component.
Therefore, it was considered that the history of past climate and environmental changes could be elucidated by analyzing and analyzing core samples collected with the ice cap[1993.] 3］
Geothermal water research and development in Japan started in 1955&a0.
The geothermal water market is a big market for the sui industry or groundwater pump industry in Japan in the future.
However, since there is the one which contains combustible gas such as methane in the hot spring well, and the accident might be caused, attention is necessary.
In addition, geological analysis of geological formations and the development of waste or harmful wells must not be dug.
Treatment of eyeballs and surgical simulation using finite element method were studied.
A continuous cross-sectional image of the eyeball was obtained using a three-dimensional internal structure microscope.
From the data, the eye tissue was segmented, and meshing was performed by the numericalization of individual data.
The mapped mesh method was compared and examined, and the mapped mesh method was adopted.
As a result, a meshing method suitable for finite element analysis was established, and a mesh of the eyeball parted for each tissue of the eyeball was made on the mesh.
When water shortage of plant cells occurs due to inhibition and drying of water absorption due to salt stress, many plants synthesize compounds called fitted sotics and accumulate in cells in order to restore the balance of osmotic pressure outside and outside the cells destroyed by it.
As suitable solusses, polyols such as glycymbetine (betaine), polyoles such as polynitol, sorbitol, and mannitol are known.
The research was advanced for the purpose of improving the salt resistance of the plant by introducing the betaine synthesis gene to the plant which does not have the betaine synthesis gene using the genetic engineering technique.
This paper outlines 1) betaine synthesis gene of spinach, 2) betaine synthesis gene in mangrove, 3) betaine synthesis gene of allamanthus, 4) low temperature and high temperature resistance of rice transformed by BADH gene of barley, and 5) betaine transporter of mangrove.
The iron accumulation mechanism in the liver is described in comparison with the iron excess syndrome, and the recent knowledge of the iron remover therapy is outlined.
Iron upting in hepatic real cells is regulated by the expression control of TfR, DMT-1, ferritin, and FP-1 by the iron controlled protein (IRP) system and by the negative control of TfR function by HFE.
Iron absorption from the duodenum is regulated by transporters (DMT-1 and ferropolycan-1) of the duodenum.
Iron hypermyopathy has been revealed to be due to abnormalities in these genes.
Recently, it was found that hepsicidin and hemojuverin control iron absorption from the duodenum.
Some men with a spermatomia have disappeared areas of the Y chromosome, including the heat shock transcription factor (HSFY) on the Y chromosome.
Expression of mouse HSFV-like sequence (mHSFYL), which is a mouse ausolog, was analyzed by in situ hebrideation, and it was found that it was expressed mainly around sperm cells in the testes.
Species with genes similar to HSFY/mHSFYL were searched in the database, and mammals such as cows, dogs, chickens, etc. were recognized in addition to humans and mice.
The effects of 2, 3, 7, 8-tetrachlorojibenzo-p-dioxin (TCDD) on the small intestine are examined from the aspect of morphology and function.
The nucleo/cell ratio in epithelial cells of small intestine villi tended to increase by TCDD treatment.
As a result of examining the effect on glucose absorption ability, TCDD exposure C57BL/6J mice showed an increase in glucose absorption ability in the small intestine.
These suggest the possibilities include an increase in sugar transporter SGLUT1 and glucose transporter 2 mRNA, an increase in SGLUT1 protein, and an increase in lactase and maltase activity.
It was indicated that the glucose absorption ability promotion was a mechanism to compensate for the decrease in the uglucose uavailable efficiency in the body by dioxin.
In the life activity, there is a dynamic life activity which cannot be predicted simply from the functional analysis of the gene sequence and the protein.
As a representative example, spatial pattern formation such as chromosome structure is taken up.
Using the chromosome band number as the information of the chromosome position, the chromosome to which the number is assigned was collected, and whether there was a functional position was examined.
As a result, there was no necessari agreement between the position of the one-dimensional genome and the chromosome position.
The nutritional stage in the konara young tree which received two kinds of insect damage was compared with the correspondence situation to the compensation.
In this experiment, the compensation value was performed to identify the compensation value in advance on all young trees.
Afterwards, the branches were grown in the ward where the soil fertility was changed.
The growth of buds and the elongation of branches were due to konara's unique factors, and the response to food damage was governed by individual levels.
The elongation of secondary and tergot branches that were damaged was significantly worse when soil fertility was poor.
This paper reports the formation of cell affinity patterns on au surfaces for biosensor arrays using PEG with methoxy and thyol terminals.
Au surfaces were treated with a buffer solution of MeO-PEG-SH with molecular weights of 2k and 5k to form a cell repulsive surface.
Next, a microarray of cell affinity was formed by plasma etching method.
A microarray with cell affinity of 10μm diameter and interval of 100μm was formed.
The characteristics of center of gravity agitation due to the decrease in function of the system and central nervous system which maintain the body equilibrium when drinking were examined, and the part of the mechanism leading to the inability to stand upright due to the decrease of the body function with the aging was clarified.
The center of gravity shake characteristics in the bottom of the foot were investigated using a center of gravity upset meter.
When falling due to the effects of drinking, the displacement of displacements in the front and rear directions or left and right directions (or both directions) increased suddenly.
In this case, the moving distance of the center of gravity increased rapidly in the front and rear directions (or both directions), leading to the fall.
The p‐p value of the center of gravity upset velocity amplitude in the front and rear directions or left and right directions (or both directions) just before the fall increased rapidly.
And, the time leading up to the fall was long in the subject who had the speed change at normal time was generally small.
Whether fetal development determines the growth pattern and body composition after birth was analyzed for school checkup patients in Tenryu City.
There was a difference in blood leptin levels in low birth weight infants.
It was also suggested that birth weight (fetal development) determines the growth pattern after birth.
The obtained results show that the fetal environment is an important factor in determining growth patterns and body composition after birth.
The increase of metabolic syndrome including obesity has become a social problem.
Netea and his patients reported that IL-18 works inhibitoryly against obesity and insulin resistance.
The authors compared IL-18 knockout mice with wild-type mice.
As a result, il-18 knockout mice increased their body weight, body fat percentage and feeding volume from 6 to 24 months.
That is, it was shown that the defect of IL-18 leads to obesity.
Among the genes expressed in primon germ cells (PGC), PGC7 was named for the one with the seventh highest relative expression level.
This was the same as the gene Stella, which was later published by the University of Cambridge.
Subsequent studies have found that PGC7/Stella functions by transitioning to the nucleus early after fertilization, each in the maturation process of the egg.
In addition, PGC7/Stella was found to inhibit demethylation.
As a grip strength measurement method to know the degree of functional recovery of the patient, the development of the sensor using the change of the optical propagation characteristic by the morphological change of the fiber was tried.
The measurement sensitivity is 6. At 88mV/kg, it was found that less than 500g which cannot be measured by the smedley type currently used can be measured.
The measurement accuracy of the finger joint angle is 5 degrees.
The measurement range and measurement sensitivity change by changing the shape of the external force sealable part.
The characteristics of taurine intake of human glioma cells were investigated using T98 cells.
Taurine intake of T98 cells was Na+ dependent and highly friendly, and decreased with horboru-12,13-dibutylat (I,100nM) and isoproterenol (1μM).
And, EC50 of the reduction effect of taurine intake rose from 41 to 83nM by the administration 30 minutes before I, which was not affected by H-7 (100nM) administration.
The involvement of protein kinase c and cAMP in taurine intake was discussed.
In the titled system, the progress of the development of the automatic creation device of the chromosome specimen is reported.
Performance and operability were evaluated by actually using the prototype equipment for a long time.
And, the establishment of the cell fixation method suitable for the apparatus was researched.
Mechanical control of temperature and humidity during specimen preparation almost reached the target.
For practical application, 10 improvement points such as performance, operability, appearance, noise, etc. are pointed out.
Galaktose α1→3 galaktose (GG) is specifically stained by GSI-B4 lectin (GS).
Then, cDNA of α-1,3-galactosyltransferase involved in GG biosynthesis was recombined and introduced into mouse fertilized eggs to create transgenic mice.
Next, when investigated using GS, a novel GG distribution was observed around the optic cup outer node, small intestine forest cell, and mother cell, and the enhancement of GG was observed in the tubules and alveoli epithelium.
These mice had a lot of proteinuria and a lot of hair loss, low weight, and sudden death[1995.] 2］
When the synthesis of the antagonist inhibitor (I) of chitinase (K) was advanced, the synthesis of allosamidine (A), which is I of insect K, was examined using chitin as the departure material, and this time the total synthesis was succeeded.
Furthermore, total synthesis of demethyl allosamidine of yeast K I was stereoscopic selectively achieved using the intermediate of the synthesis.
In addition, the inhibitory forces of K of the genus Caicoga, Saccharomyces cerevisiae and Trichoderma were compared for A and its analogues.
As a result, useful knowledge on structural activity correlation was obtained [1995. 2］
Activation of pretenses immunity induced by IL-12 and the cell group involved are described.
IL-12 is a compounding factor that shows the activity common to the T cell group with different positioning in the phylogenetic development.
In cancer immunity, it seemed to be expected to promote the rotation of sequence which is related to antigen-specific recognition by cancer peptide, etc. from MHC non-binding recognition.
Biological responses of IL-12 resistance to cancer (pretenses immunity) are also discussed.
Using a cell irradiation device connected to the beamline of the 3MV tandem accelerator, it has been demonstrated that the ion flight at the target can be controlled by the distance from the beam window to the target.
The effect of permeation force control irradiation on tobacco pollen as a model cell system for local irradiation was investigated.
"Leaky pollen", which seems to be caused by cell membrane damage, was observed at the end of ionization with high frequency.
In the pulsation flow compared with the steady flow, the signal strength of the fluid part (especially near the inflow part) was low due to the signal lowering due to the farsedisperdion.
The signal decrease by the pulse flow was remarkable in the bending of the stenosis part and the blood vessel.
Ghost artifacts by pulsations were observed, and the interval was proportional to the repetition time and the number of beats.
The titled virus (C) differs in geographical distribution and clinical epidemiological characteristics depending on the geno type.
Interferon sensitivity seems to be defined by several factors.
The severity of hepatitis may vary depending on the geno type.
There is no significant correlation with primary liver cancer.
In addition to geno type, there are many mutations of C, and it is 2010, and the infection route etc. can be examined based on identifying the C strain of each patient.
Nonlinear phenomena such as fractal chaos have the potential to quantify numerical analysis.
Fractal analysis of event-related potentials was carried out, and the results were used to investigate the fluctuating state of intelligent activity.
Peaks equivalent to N100 or P300 are not clearly indicated.
This is because fractal analysis is more suitable for the search for changes in induced doses than peaks.
It is a problem that the balance of autonomic nervous function is impaired by exposure to microgravity.
As a simulation of microgravity, head down tilt (HDT) which lowers the head 6 degrees from the horizontal in bed was used, and the amount of sweating was continuously measured by fixing the probe to the left hand thumb side.
The amount of sweating by the handgrip (5 seconds at the maximum grip force) in HDT decreased significantly compared with the time without back pressure in the sitting position, but no difference was observed in the dark load.
In normal cells, telomeres shorten every time they divide, and cells age when certain extremes are exceeded.
On the other hand, in cancer cells and immortalized cells, telomeres are supplemented because of telomerase activity, and the infinite proliferation ability is acquisition by maintaining a constant length without further shortening.
Therefore, it is considered that the gene which controls telomerase activity is one candidate of the cell aging inducer gene.
Chromosome 3p14 → unknown telomerase control gene on p21.
An active electrode with a transmission function that derives surface muscle potential without using skin pre-treatment or conductive paste was fabricated.
Since this cordless electrode does not have a lead wire connecting the electrode and the transmitter like a conventional telemetry system, the burden on the experimenter could be reduced.
And, it is not affected by the noise by the shaking of the lead wire.
It can also be applied to electrocardiodes and electroencephaloevers, and it can be expected to be simplified.
Telomerase activity is high in germ cells and cancer cells.
Telomerase activity of normal and cancerous blood cells was analyzed using the elongation PCR assay developed by the authors.
The activity was high in young individuals, especially neonatal cells, and negligible in those over 30 years of age.
It was very high in leukemia cells.
Based on the materials of Marcel T and Grausz D, the present state of gene therapy is introduced.
This paper described the present state that the number of target patients has increased dramatically year by year since gene therapy was first applied to humans in 1990.
The indication which was initially limited to severe ine difficult disease has been gradually expanded to the chronic disease as safety is confirmed.
This paper presently describs the situation in which the research of gene therapy is developed in three directions of development of gene introduction method, research on the strategy, and development of the model.
This paper reports the case of the title drug (L) administration for the 41-year-old woman who suffered from systemic lueric lumé matides and received steroid therapy.
The cold feeling and pain of the right lower leg were conscious, and the ulcer with necrotic tissue appeared in the right front bone part afterwards, and it gradually became worse.
When L was administered by intravenous drip for 4 weeks at 10μg/day in conjunction with wound treatment such as cleaning of the ulcer part, the pain was reduced and the ulcer of the lower leg was reduced.
No side effects were observed during the treatment.
CGRP is secreted from the perceptual nerve distribution region to the heart muscle.
The 48-hour administration of CGRP increases the surface area of the newly born rat cardiomyocytes by about twice.
In addition, CGRP α mRNA expression for skeletal muscle axin and atrial natriuretic peptides.
In order to obtain data so that the prosthetic foot can be adapted to the walking mode other than the plain, the walking state for the flat ground and the slope was measured.
Bending moments and subjective evaluations were collected by semiconductor strainmeters affixed to the lower leg pipe.
On the slope of inclination angle 5 degrees and 7 degrees, the same measurement was made when the bottom dorsal bending angle was not matched to the angle of the slope.
In the slope walking, walking was easiest when the bottom bend and the dorsal bend were changed according to the angle of the slope.
Using image information and knowledge of form and motion for measurement objects, a method which can measure operation without attaching marks, etc. has been developed.
The walking of the horse was taken from the side, and the dimension and position of the geometric model were determined by hand from one image in it.
The luminance distribution of the geometric model region was obtained, and the template was made.
After the next image, the geometric model was layered on the image for each body node, and the joint position and joint angle of the horse at that time were made.
This paper described the high speed, robustness evaluation, and accuracy of the processing.
The amount of psychospirating and heart rate when the program was given as a mental stimulation were measured simultaneously, and the correlation between the two was examined.
There was a significant correlation between normalized dispersion values of psycho sweating during the creation of two types of programs and between the dispersion of heart rate.
And, there was a case in which there was little correlation between the normalized dispersion value of the amount of psycho sweating during the program creation and the case where a high correlation was observed between the dispersion of the heart rate.
Further experiments were considered necessary.
This document outlines the complex interaction between the immune system and PCV2 in pigs.
This presents evidence that PCV2 is a major pig pathogen under appropriate environment and control conditions.
Extensive stimulation of the immune system is one of the prerequisites for inducing post-mammalia multi-organ stunting syndrome (PMWS) in PCV2-infected pigs.
PCV2 itself is an essential pathogen in lethal PMWS.
In PMWS-affected pigs, the effective immune response to pathogens other than PCV2 is insufficient.
Pcv2 may be an important factor in secondary immunodeficiency in certain environments, based on clinical, pathological, and immunological observations observed in the field regarding immunosuppressive conditions in PMWS.
The collection survey was carried out on the rocky coast in the northern part of Ibaraki Prefecture.
Large seeds were collected directly, while small seeds were collected by sifting hand nets and bottom soil.
In small crustaceans, red-sea water of ami and japanese wereekara and tugarwalekara of the ami were confirmed for the first time in Ibaraki Prefecture.
The large crustaceans were obtained in 2 kinds of 2 kinds of 2 kinds of patterns, 3 kinds of patterns of 3 types of patterned eyes, and 10 species of 10 species of 5 departments of 10 legs.
The number of types obtained was small because the investigation was limited to the intershioderma.
Including the results of the survey so far, the collected species, the gathering area, and the collection date are arranged and shown.
In order to investigate the evaluation method for the activation of the rural area, the field survey of 5 regions which seemed to be high activation was carried out.
The regional revitalization process was arranged as a flow of "input →"→, "activity →", "result", and "result", and it was examined if various activities for regional development and revitalization cooperated and cooperated.
At the same time, a check sheet for sustainable regional activation was made from precipitation of the system which created the regional activation, regional activation process analysis and system analysis.
In the analysis using the statistics by the village, the aggregation of the items which showed the activation situation was carried out, and it was found that it was related to the factor which represented the activity of the village.
In the analysis of the questionnaire, it was clarified that there was a gap between the activation degree calculated directly from the statistical index and the view evaluation.
In the co-dispersal structure analysis, it was clarified that the direct effect (production activityization effect) of the social capital was high in the region other than the city and the suburbs.
This paper outlines the movement, u use and application, outline of fishery, biological characteristics, resource situation, and management measures in the recent one year on swordfish in the North Atlantic Ocean.
In the SCRS of ICCAT in 2002, the resource evaluation was carried out by VPA and non-equilibrium production model using the resource quantity index estimated from the longline fishery data of each country.
Both analysis results show good enrollment since 1997 and resource recovery due to decrease in catch, and good joining is expected in the future if excessive catch is refrained.
ICCAT has a recovery plan that restores resources to MSY (maximum sustained production) levels with a 50% or more probability over the 10 years from 2000 to 2009.
As resource management measures, TAC was set at 13,900 t in 2003 and 14,000 t in 2004 and 2005, and it was recommended to limit the landing amount of small individuals (mandibular fork length 125 cm, weight less than 25 kg) to zero for the main target fishery and 15% or less for bycatch fishery.
This paper outlines the background of sea turtles and fisheries, biological characteristics of sea turtles, present state of resources and management measures.
All species of sea turtles are listed in Annex I of the Washington Convention, regardless of the size and trend of the population of the species.
Accidental capture by ocean fisheries is often regarded as a problem, and various regulations and enlightenments are carried out, but in reality, it seems that the influence by environmental deterioration of egg laying grounds other than coastal fishery and fishery and food damage and stolen digging of eggs is also large.
There is a possibility that the decrease of the number of individuals is caused by inappropriate management, etc., and it is necessary to promote the sea turtle protection by cooperation with the expert.
3D exploration costs measurement and analysis, and has not been put to practical use.
Considering a labor-saving 3D electric exploration method for 3D analysis of a small number of 2D exploration measurement line data arranged in the exploration range, the analysis error due to the three-dimensional heterogeneity of the ground was reduced.
In this method, the underground structure can be grasped at lower cost than conventional 3D exploration, and with high efficiency and high accuracy.
In the field, this method can be used by the conventional technique, and the equipment dedicated to 3D is not necessary.
The conditions under which water circulation conservation type agriculture is established were examined from the viewpoints of business administration and economics.
This paper pays attention to the groundwater recharge function by the rice field flooding project in the rural area along the river basin, and evaluates the effect of this on the water source conservation in the downstream area.
The hearing survey for the agricultural manager was carried out, and the theoretical examination on the establishment condition and the application to the actual condition were examined from the viewpoint of analytical agricultural management and environmental economics.
In order to maintain the quality of rose cut flowers, a new drug prescription (GLCA) using isochiazolin antibacterial agent was developed.
The isochiazolin antimicrobial agents used a mixture of 5-chloro-2-methyl-4-isothiazoline-3-on and 2-methyl-4-isothiazoline-3-on.
As a result, the mixing ratio of GLCA was 10 g/l of glucose and 0. 5 ml/l, citric acid 30mg/l and aluminum sulfate 50mg/l were optimal.
By this prescription, the moisture conductivity was kept at the level immediately after harvesting, and the quality retention period was extended than the conventional prescription.
Three tests were conducted on proteome analysis and metabolome analysis to investigate the stability of the introduced gene in genetically modified crops.
First, qualitative quantity variation of RNA expression, which is a disorder of transcriptome analysis, which is the first stage of these analyses, was investigated by microarray analysis using germination dies.
As a result, there was a difference of RNA expression by individual difference and extraction method in domestic variety.
Therefore, by using a multi-specimen crusher for RNA extraction, inexpensive and simple multi-specimen processing was made possible.
A kura bridge with a bridge length of 145m and an effective width of 5m using large cross-sectional materials was completed in Hiroshima Prefectural Central Forest Park.
The construction method is complicated because many kinds of members are mixed, including joining brackets from simple girder bridges.
Creosote oil is press-in as a anti-food countermeasure, and all truss members are joined by bolt fittings.
The National Agricultural Structure Improvement Association surveyed Higashimura on 1) commercialization and sales measures of processed persimmon products as persimmon village making business, and 2) the maintenance direction of multipurpose agricultural products processing facilities, and provided advice guidance.
The present state of agriculture and forestry in Higashimura was analyzed, and problems and problems were grasped.
The conditions to be prepared as a commodity are mentioned.
On the improvement of the sales system, this paper proposes the jointization of agricultural cooperative and persimmon production association, direct sale as a sales method, and upack, etc.
As a facility of persimmon village making, prediction of yield and amount of processing were examined, and as necessary facilities, collection and fruit selection place, drying and kun steaming room, storage, agricultural processing facilities, etc. were shown.
As a measure to stop transit-type tourists, we proposed a complex industry such as cultural facilities, local cuisine, and the sale of specialty products [1994. 2］
This is a report on the result of the survey carried out by the National Agricultural Structure Improvement Association to Oyama Town based on the problem of the National Land Agency setting.
The result of the third stage yamamura promotion project in Oyama-cho is almost as planned except for the field maintenance.
On the improvement of the living environment, this paper described the improvement situation and improvement direction of facilities such as housing, roads and transportation.
This paper clarifies the present state of production and sales of agriculture and forestry, and then describes promotion of local industry and development of special products.
As the promotion measures of the mountain village related to tourism development and resort development, development of tourism agriculture and forestry, production of special products, cooperation between sales and city residents, development as recreation area and resort, maintenance, etc. are mentioned.
Future issues such as the creation of business opportunities related to yamamura promotion, the development of new industries, and the establishment of a third sector in charge of various businesses were pointed out [1994. 2］
On the title, geo-force change by black-i-earth field improvement material and ground strength improvement measures were examined.
In cabbage, the production effect was recognized by the application of organic matter, and the u use rate of input nitrogen decreased in the organic matter application zone, but the u use rate of nitrogen, phosphoric acid, and potash of compost was different depending on the kind of compost fertilizer.
The nitrogen supply power was thought to be higher in yellow soil in the black I soil.
The heavy metal content of cabbage was somely higher in zinc in the pig dung manure ward[1993.] 10］
The effect of mixed feed feeding in the growth and breeding period on dry material intake and growth rate was examined.
The stagnation of the intake of morning grass by eating artificial milk more in the mixed zone of the growth period was caused by the feed intake.
The feed intake in the mixed zone exceeded after the middle of the breeding period, and in the 18-month-old weight, the mixed ± was 477±28, and the separation zone was 451±14 kg.
There was no difference in first gastric juice, hemolyticity, or fertility[1994.] 10］
Environmental pollution by excessive packaging and waste is a serious problem.
As one of the countermeasures, the development of biodegradable plastics for containers and packaging materials is being examined.
Biopole, bionore, rakti, ecomati AX, potato ray are introduced as representative examples launched in Japan.
The use of biodegradable plastics in food packaging, related laws and regulations, and the safety of products after decomposition are also mentioned [1995. 3］
The growth characteristics and suitable tree phase were elucidated under warm and rainy conditions, and the suitable growth criteria of the variety "Tamaei" were set.
The effect of early deciduous leaves on flower bud traits and the relationship between growth characteristics and yield of high-level produced trees were investigated.
As an induction technique to the suitable growth maturation pattern, the u use of the plant growth regulator was examined.
Pp-333, S-327D, improved C-MH and KUH-833, etc. were available for the purpose of preventing new tree length.
The titled variety of paddy rice is good quality and good taste, and it is a lineage of late night in Miyagi Prefecture.
In this prefecture, it will be adopted as a part of &a&a;sanishiki", for the purpose of avoiding cold damage by dispersion in the dehomi period and dispersing the harvesting time.
Since the probability of encountering low temperature in the spiker period is lowered for late life, but the cold resistance is weak, it is necessary to strive to keep the young ears warm by deep water management when low temperature is expected in the danger period.
Field resistance to ie-ie disease is moderate in leafy leaves.
The Shimajiri group mudslides in Okinawa are classified as new Terraki mud rocks.
In the mud rock region, there are frequent cases in which the SS concentration of turbid water flowing out of the development business site exceeds 10,000mg/l.
From the comparison of SS of turbid water discharged from land improvement project, mud rock is evaluated to be about 8 times easier to flow out than 18 times that of Kuni-head merge.
The runoff mechanism was mainly sleking in the cut soil, and water food and collapse of the cracked part were also seen.
On the other hand, in the morisui, the growth of large gari by water food was observed.
Soil hardness has a direct or indirect effect on the growth of crop roots.
Up to now, the relation between root elongation and soil hardness 壌 measured and evaluated indirectly on the hardness of the soil.
Then, the pin penetrometer which imitated the influence of the soil hardness on the root inting was prepared, and the soil hardness was measured, and the experiment was carried out on the root inting.
As a result, it was indicated that the soil hardness by the pimpenetrometer made it possible to measure the indwelling of the root, but the root indwelling was affected not only by the soil hardness but also by the gap of the soil.
From the result of the fertilization kangyi experiment, the total number of large soil animals in pastures sprayed with slurry was smaller than that of chemical fertilizer plots, but increased in the fourth year.
Mites and tobimushi were no longer extracted in the fourth year.
The senchu decreased in the chemical fertilizer zone in the fourth year, and the ratio of root eating increased in both wards, which was considered to be due to the development of the grass roots group.
Soil microbiota in slurry spraying plots have more bacteria and ray-ray bacteria than chemical fertilizer plots, but cellulose degradation rate and filamentous fungus number are small.
This paper aims at the development of a ride-on rice planting machine that realizes the rice field laying and rice planting work of lightweight paper mulch with a work efficiency of about 14a/h.
The system examination for the narrowing of the development specification setting and the realization system (power type which can work by one person, prevention of damage of seedlings, multi rice field laying, self-decay time of mulch, etc.) was done.
Multi paper (3 kinds) with different strength was prototyped, planted using a remodeled commercial multi-rice planting machine, and the paper specification was narrowed down by preliminary investigation/examination of workability, planting accuracy, etc.
This paper includes an outline of the development prototype of multi-paper and rice planting machines based on the results and these.
This paper introduces the "individualization corner" of the fruit and vegetable handling wholesaler of the title.
This paper described the background of the establishment of the title &; &a0;individual gardening room&a;, such as safety, correspondence to health-oriented production and consumption, and excavation of agricultural products buried in mass circulation.
And, this paper explains the establishment of &a&a;s individual gardening room&a;, such as progress and way of thinking in the installation.
Finally, this paper explains the digging of the handling goods and the future direction.
In 160 japanese black hair breeding farmers, 14 were developed at the age of 26〜33 months, and 2 were killed and 4 were shipped early.
Among them, 1 dead cow and 1 shipped cow were tested, and pathological and bacteriological examinations were carried out, and it was diagnosed as the titled disease.
And, coccidium osist was detected from 8 heads in 9 fecal examinations.
The mucous membrane was damaged by the insidium insemulence of coccidium, and the environment suitable for the growth and proliferation of Clostridium perfumes was created, and it was thought that the shipped cow caused necrotive enteritis because it caused abnormal proliferation.
The diabetes mellitus multiple family of autosomal sex inheritance with the crisis age is under 25-year-old, and the family history of diabetes mellitus for 3 generations is named MODY(M).
Classification by the causing gene of this M (M1〜M5), direct sequencing method as the identification method of the M causing gene, and u use of DHPLLC are explained.
M is characterized by β secretion failure due to abnormalities in genes working in pancreatic and cellular cells.
However, the abnormality of the M gene discovered so far is about 20% of M, and the rest is unknown.
In fiscal 2000, high magnetic field MRI (1. The periovascular cavity (PVS) of the cerebral hemispherical white-blood artery (medullary artery) was drawn by 5T).
PvS basically showed findings such as the edges were arranged, the boundary was clear, there was no change in the surroundings, the maximum diameter was less than 3 mm, and it followed the arteries in the brain real area.
PVS expanded with aging.
In the case of multiple lacuna infarction, PVS of the medullary artery was remarkably ditabolic.
In the case with hypertension, the di extension was further enhanced.
These findings suggest that PVS in the medullary arteries expands more with the progression of medullary arteriosclerosis.
The molar bone defect part was reconstructed by all kinds of bone graft, and the cementless socket was installed directly on it, but the movement of the socket by the colaps of the graft bone was recognized in all cases though there was a difference of the degree.
In order to prevent the colaps of the transplanted bone after the operation, the operation using support ring together has been carried out since 1984.
This is outlined on the technique and X-ray results.
Forty-five joints (12 males, 30 females, 40〜82-year-old) were performed.
In the case where all kinds of bone were transplanted into the load part, a stronger initial fixation was obtained by using strut screw in combination with support ring.
When the graft bone was implanted and the remodeling was completed, the component was stabilized in the installed position.
Using octacalum phosphate (OCP), which is also a precursor of apatite in living organisms as a paste, fusion to dentin by irradiation of carbon dioxide laser was tested.
The paste made from calcium 2nd phosphate bihydrate and calcium carbonate melted with dentin by carbon dioxide laser irradiation, and some ivory tuboles were closed.
Ocp paste was fused to the surface of dentin, not only to close the ivory tubules, but also specifically to the area around the ivory tubules.
In the carbon dioxide laser irradiation, the fusion layer is formed in dentin by the application of calcium phosphate salt, suggesting the possibility of strengthening dentin hypersensitivity to dentin and dentin surface after caries treatment.
Budd-Chiari syndrome (BCS) has been advocated as a pretensive vascular abnormality theory.
However, in recent years, the gonth thrombotic theory has come to be considered to be the cause because the stenosis and blockage of the membrane-like structure and hepatic vein beginning can be explained by the thrombus and its dexterity.
In this study, the gene mypmity of codon830,897 of Factor V was examined in the Japanese BCS case of the specimen preservation center and the Nepal BCS case.
As a result, genetic multi-type of Factor V was observed in 6 places, of which codon 830 and 897 were myssense mutations.
For 31 cases and 58 lesions in which hepatoma was pointed out by other examinations, diffusion emphasis image (DWI) which is the latest MRI imaging method was enforced.
A total of 10 lesions of 4 lesions with tumor size of 5 mm or less, 3 lesions around 1 cm, and 3 lesions around 2 cm were difficult to draw by DWI.
The cases not drawn in sizes of 1cm or more were cases close to the diaphragm or after treatment of primary liver cancer.
The drawing of the tumor with the size of 5mm or more can be expected, and it is shown that it is useful for the diagnosis by the combination with other MRI photographing method and the examination method.
On the lower limb angiography CT which became possible to take a wide range of photographs by MDCT, the usefulness and problem of the evaluation by the three-dimensional (3D) reconstruction image were mentioned, and the improvement measures were examined.
Subjects were 46 lesions in 20 cases with arteriosclerosis obliterans and CTA of the lower limbs.
As a result, half of the cases in both the central and peripheral groups had inferior 3D images to the original image.
For 14 lesions in which calcification became a disorder, the lumen opening rate was compared with the 3D image and the original image.
In the advanced calcification group where calcification ranged from 3/4 lap to whole circumference, the difference was close to 60%, and it was found that the difference widened in the evaluation.
For 16 sites with side subvulsion, when 3D image and original image were compared, 3D image which matched the original image was obtained in 15 parts.
At first, repair ability of articular cartilage, repair by bone marrow stimulation method, and repair method by self-chondrocyte transplantation are described.
Next, the repair of osteochondrodilage by the self-bone marrow mesoplant cell transplantation in rabbit is outlined.
In addition, the result of repair of cartilage defect by self-bone marrow mesothyocyte transplantation in human is explained.
Good repair results were observed in the cell transplantation group.
Next, future problems such as selection of transplanted cell populations, administration of growth factors, and gene introduction are explained.
In order to clarifie the titled case, the average dust count, airborne fungus number, and number of falling bacterial colonies in the operating room and intensive care unit (ICU) were compared and examined before and after the introduction of the lower foot (one-legged system).
On the operating room in use, the average number of dust increased slightly after the introduction of the one-legged system, and the number of times exceeding NASA class 10,000 significantly increased.
There was no change in the average number of dust in the operating room during non-use.
There was no significant change in the average dust count of ICU, but the frequency of NASA class 10,000 or less increased.
On the number of airborne bacteria and the number of falling bacterial colonies, no change was observed before and after the introduction of the one-legged system in both the operating room and the ICU.
In operating rooms and ICU equipped with air conditioning equipment, it was indicated that one-legged system did not affect air cleanliness.
Development and in vivo test of hydrochloric apatite porous artificial bone are reported.
In order to ensure excellent bone conduction ability and strength, a hydroxyl apatite porous body optimized for the diameter of bubbles and throughsophobia was developed by foam slurry method.
And, it was considered to have a high suitability for the application to bone regeneration using bone marrow cells.
By optimizing the conditions such as pH and temperature, an apatite/collagen fiber composite with orientation from a solution of phosphoric acid, calcium and collagen was prepared.
This composite material was mixed with a collagen solution to produce a sponge-like soft material.
Animal experiments have confirmed excellent bioa absorption and bone regeneration characteristics.
The trauma which merges the post-elbow joint dislocation (mediat collateral ligament injury) with the bone head fracture and uln鈎 protruding fracture is called terrible triad (TT), and it is often difficult for the treatment.
The treatment results of 11 cases of elbow joint TT are introduced.
Hemolytic treatment was performed in 10 cases, and one case was treated with preservation of only cast fixation.
Relatively good results were obtained 鈎 bone head fractures, ul uln and radial protrusion fractures were actively boned.
It is desirable to limit the postoperative external fixation to within 2 weeks.
Ligament reconstruction for anterior cruciate ligaments (ACLs) in the knee has made remarkable progress.
This is a basic study of recent ACL ligament reconstruction.
This paper outlines the examination of joint kinematics after ACL reconstruction using robotics, and examination of the effect of postoperative transplantation ken cure promotion using growth factor.
As the application of tissue engineering cell therapy to ACL reconstruction, the possibility of application to knee ligament reconstruction using fibrin sealant is high.
For the basic research of ligament reconstruction, it is important to study from both aspects of biomechanics research and biological research.
At first, recurrence site in thoracic ectoma resection case, examination method of lymph node recurrence, and selection of treatment for lymph node recurrence are described.
And, the indication of the operation for the lymph node recurrence of the mediastinum and abdomen is explained.
In addition, lymph node dissection for lymph node recurrence after chem radiotherapy is described.
Familial amyloid polynuropathy (FAP) is not a disease with regional specificity, but is a relatively frequent disease in hereditary neuropathy in our country.
In Japan, more than 60 patients have already received this treatment.
After transplantation, the progress of peripheral neurological symptoms and autonomic nervous symptoms stopped, and the postoperative 5-year survival rate was 77%.
The postoperative course of the patient who has no cardia and renal disorders and has a good nutritional condition is good at the early age after the disease (around 5 years).
Fap is recognized that it can get out of in-disease by popularization of genetic diagnosis and introduction of liver transplantation as a treatment.
Though it is rare to experience a non-specific reaction in daily examination, there is no reagent improvement by examining the cause search.
This paper introduces the cause of the non-specific reaction in the measurement of HBs antigen (Ag) and HBe antigen in the blood disease, and experienced the improvement of the reagent.
The measurement of HBs antigen, antibody (Ab), HBe antigen, antibody and HCV antibody was started by elsia-F750 automatic immunomeastolytic device based on ELISA (enzyme immunomeastoly method) in June, 1997.
The case is an infectious disease test of the patient hospitalized for bone marrow transplantation with unpasted acute myeloid leukemia, and the diagnosis was wrong by the non-specific reaction of HBsAg and HBeAg reagent, and it was reported as an initial infection suspicion of hepatitis B.
Each item was measured in a dedicated measuring vessel of F-750 without antibody protein binding for the purpose of confirming whether non-specific substances have already bonded in the primary reaction from the measurement process and each reagent composition, and to see the difference by reagent composition between items.
As a result of the examination, avoidance of non-specific reaction was possible by adding 1% cazein to HBsAg and HBeAg buffer or changing the blocking agent.
In recent years, nonalcoholic fatty liver disorder (NAFLD) has increased rapidly due to changes in lifestyle.
The etiology of NAFLD is mainly obesity and insulin resistance, and most cases are combined with lifestyle-related diseases.
Though the disease state of NAFLD is hardly fatty liver, about 10% of them are nonalcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH), and it progresses to cirrhosis and hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC).
In this paper, the natural course of NAFLD and NASH is described, and the fibrosis of NASH and its severity predictors and cirrhosis are described, and the relation between obesity and NASH and the relation between NASH and HCC is described.
The titled cases of 54-year-old and 84-year-old women are reported.
In case 1, anticancer drugs leaked out of angioscularly during chemotherapy after surgery for ovarian cancer, resulting in redness, stiffness, and skin ulcers.
In case 2, redness, stiffness, and skin ulcers were caused during chemotherapy for liver metastasis of rectal cancer.
In both cases, the preservation therapy was carried out.
The surgical treatment was carried out in the place where the boundary of the lesion became clear.
In both cases, the postoperative course was good.
Three cases of lumbar spinal canal stenosis with paralysis were examined as postoperative results and factors related to it.
No significant improvement in paralysis was observed after the operation in all 3 cases.
In cases 1 and 2, it is considered that the long period until the operation was a bad result factor.
On the other hand, in case 3, the period until the operation was short, but the result was poor because there was advanced paralysis of MMT1.
From the above, it is considered that the case in the elderly over 70-year-old, and the disease state including the horse tail type with bladder dysfunction, the case with long period until the operation, and the case in which paralysis is advanced, do not necessarily obtain the significant improvement of paralysis by the operation.
On September 30, 2002, the National Hospital Organization Sekimon Medical Center (Shimon seki hospital) opened a comprehensive medical care for women.
The number of patients with the first diagnosis was 808 in 3 years and 1 month from the establishment to October 31, 2005.
This paper outlines the history of establishment, flow of medical care, needs of medical examinees, outline of medical care, and network inside and outside the hospital.
Screening MRI was reexamined, and especially, the intervertebral disc high signal which seemed to be the most frequent in the case diagnosed as infectious myelitis was examined.
Of the T2-emphasized images of 684 lumbar MRI cases (355 men, 349 women, 5 months to 89-year-old), 298 showed disc high signals.
According to the findings of purulent spondylitis, the shape and high signal pattern of the disc in the T2 emphasis image were classified into 7 patterns.
As a result, there were 8 cases which did not have the impression like purulent spondylitis while presenting the T pattern of the flatted irregular low signal intervertebral disc internal high signal which is said to be typical signal strength.
In these cases, soft tissue thickening and end plate signal strength abnormality were not observed.
In addition, there are cases in which patterns commonly seen in deformed lumbar lumbar disease and compression fractures and patterns seen in normal discs and lumbar disc herniations are presented, and it is necessary to comprehensively diagnose them together with soft part shadow and cone abnormality signal strength.
The indication of the preservation therapy for carnopathy syndrome (CTS) depends on the subjective symptoms such as severity at the initial diagnosis, disease period, age, numbness feeling, etc.
The operation may be recommended to the elderly who make the pain a chief complaint without sticking to the preservation therapy.
As a practice of the preservation therapy, steroid injection and orthotic therapy were compared.
Though the same therapeutic effect can be expected in both, there is a possibility of complications and recurrence in steroids.
CTS is a lot in middle-old and old women, and life guidance is important when there is hand over use.
Side effects and countermeasures of oral anticancer drugs generally used in breast cancer outpatients are outlined.
This paper mentions the position of oral anticancer drugs in breast cancer treatment.
Characteristic side effects of oral anticancer drugs and their countermeasures include metabolic antagonist (loss of appetite, nausea, vomiting, myelosuppression, etc.), and alkylation agents (hemorrhagic bladder flame, etc.).
In addition, the points in the interaction and the drug taking guidance are shown.
The usefulness of serum interleukin 18 (IL-18) concentration as a clinical parameter at the time of the heat was examined.
The subjects of 25 patients were 22 living and 3 died, and the total heat damage area (TBSA) was 27 on average. 1% (1-93%), and the heat damage index (BI) averaged 19. It was 6.
The oxygenation index showed a positive correlation with the negative severity (SOFA score).
And, the average of the survivors was 334 pg/mL, while the average of the deaths was 626 pg/mL, and the average value of the survivors was lower than the fatality.
Serum IL-18 concentration may be useful as a clinical parameter of inflammatory response by heat wound.
The results by hip arthroplasty (THA) are stable in the medium term.
For orthopedic surgeons, it is an important responsibility not to cause complications.
The pathophysiology of postoperative dislocation is explained.
As the cause of the occurrence, the component installation abnormality of the socket and the stem, the collision of the pelvis and femur by the bone spine left behind, the collision of the socket edge and stem neck, and the tension insufficient of the soft tissue are considered.
And, there are dysfunction of the external muscle group, muscle weakness, insufficiency of the large tyring, excessive external force, etc.
Hereditary complement factor 3 (C3) deficiency is an extremely rare disease.
This time, blood tests of 7-year-old boys who had abnormalities in school urine examination showed C3:0mg/dl, C4:18mg/dl, ch50:16U/ml.
Hereditary C3 deficiency was suspected because the parents were related, and family members and siblings were searched.
As a result of genetic analysis, two base deficiency was recognized in exon 29 in the patient in homo, and in the parents, hetero, and it was diagnosed as hereditary C3 deficiency.
Nine cases have been reported so far in the literature, and in most cases, parents were related and mutations were homo.
The mechanism of hereditary C3 deficiency is less frequent than other complement deficiencies and why homo mutations are so high is examined from the biosynthesis process of C3 molecules.
Thyroid poisoning is explained.
Etiology and classification of thyroid poisoning disease and symptoms are described.
Treatment of Basedow&a;s disease (side effects of antithyroid and antithyroid drugs, radioactive iodo therapy, surgical therapy), diagnosis and treatment of Planmar disease, stimulation of hCG, iodo-induced, and tonosis by thyroid hormone intake are described.
In addition, the advice to the trainee doctor is shown.
At first, merits and demerits of clinical path are described.
Next, problems in applying clinical path to the eating path cancer operation and the case of the eating path which adapts the clinical path are outlined.
Next, on the clinical path for medical staff for the intraesothical cancer operation, features, preoperative management, postoperative ICU, postoperative management in the ward, and oral intake are explained.
In addition, clinical path for the patient for the eating path cancer operation is explained.
Finally, records and analysis of variance are described.
It was indicated that the problem was clarified by the analysis of the variance, and it was useful for the improvement of the quality of the medical treatment.
Autopsy imaging (Ai) technology including posthumous imaging is explained.
By using Ai technology, it is available to compensate for the decrease in dissection rate.
And, it demonstrates its power in criminal investigation, and it becomes possible to identify the cause of death.
Ai is a fusion of pathology and diagnostic imaging, and the difference from dissection is shown.
Of the 1,621 patients who unders consulted the resident checkup in Hisayama Town, Fukuoka Prefecture, 937 persons who were able to determine angiotensin conversion enzyme gene multifashion were followed for 32 years.
Angiotensin-converting enzyme gene mmorphomorphity was determined by PCR method by extracting DNA from blood specimens of living cases, paraffin specimens in autopsy cases, and fresh frozen specimens.
During the follow-up period, 176 people died of malignant tumors.
When the relation between smoking and tumor death was examined by angiotensin conversion enzyme gene multifyped, the effect of smoking in DD type was about twice as large as that in type II and ID type.
In this paper, the bringing medicine check business which arranged the same corner he pharmacist according to the patient's scheduled hospitalization time is introduced.
In the new system of our hospital, about 80% of the hospitalized patients of the day can be checked in only 2 hours, and it is shown that about 91% of the patients with the bringing medicine can be confirmed only by the check in the same corner.
This hospital system is one of the efficient bringing medicine check system, and it is also the timing which can appeal the ability of the pharmacist to the patient most.
As the share of generic drugs (GE drugs) increases and the opportunities to be used by more people increase, the social responsibility of GE pharmaceutical companies is also becoming heavier.
Sawai Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. has been leading the enterprise which manufactures and sells GE pharmaceuticals, and has been promotion to the public through various media about the existence of GE pharmaceuticals and their social significance.
In this paper, the effort of our GE drug is outlined.
In the future, not only the activity which requested the use promotion of GE drug but also the effort to improve the reliability including the quality of GE drug is necessary.
Cases of akatsuki disease in a 45-year-old woman are reported.
After using the new cosmetics, efflorescence was recognized in the face.
Steroid internal use, steroid ointment and zinc hua ointment were externally used.
The symptom improved after 2 months of administration.
Contact dermatitis by cosmetics and akatsuki disease were suspected.
Since the pathophysiology of RSD is not uniform, it is necessary to select the treatment method commensurate with the disease state.
As one method to judge the mechanism of pain, pharmacological pain mechanism discrimination test (DCT) is described.
As the generation mechanism of neuropathic pain, generation of outshod nerve firing, involvement of sympathetic nerve, change in the post-spinal cord angle, ad notogenicity of secondary neurons and memory of pain are outlined.
Fentramine, morphine, lidocaine, or naloxone are used as test drugs.
Subsequent treatment is mentioned.
Virus and immunoserological tests were carried out on BALF and plasma in 14 patients with idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis (IPF) and 8 patients hospitalized with acute IPF acute disease.
Cytokines significantly increasing in BALF during the acute stage of stability compared with the IPF stabilization stage were 13 kinds of measured 17 kinds of insects, and IL-6, TNFα, and IFNγ showed a particularly high tendency in the poor prognosis cases.
In 3 cases in which BALF could be retested during acute treatment, IL-2, IL-5, and IL-6 tended to decrease regardless of prognosis by treatment, and IL-8, IFNγ, and TNFα showed an upward trend in the poor prognosis cases.
In plasma, IL-6, IL-7, IL-8, and IL-10 significantly increased during acute disease increase compared with the stable stage.
The basic disease state of bronchial asthma is chronic airway inflammation.
Many cells and various liquid factors such as eosophils, T cells, mast cells, eosulocytes, macrophages, and airway epithelium are involved in airway inflammation.
It is important that Th2 cytokines are involved not only in the central respiratory tract but also in the peripheral respiratory tract.
In addition, the pathophysiology of airway remodeling such as detachment and embryonic cellization of airway epithelial cells, basal membrane thickening, enlargement and hyperplification of airway smooth muscle, angioplasty, and angioscular growth is clarified, resulting in irreversible airway obstruction, chronically increasing airway hypersensitivity, and causing severe and indilation of asthma.
In addition to the control of allergic inflammation, it is important to introduce anti-inflammatory drugs, mainly inhaled steroids, from an early time in order to suppress remodeling of the airways for the treatment of asthma.
Bronchial asthma is characterized by repeated paroxysm wheezing, dyspnea, and cough, and these are easy to appear at night and early in the morning, and in the auscultation findings, it is a continuous ra sound, especially a tonous whistle-like sound.
In addition, objective evaluation of air flow restriction by respiratory function test is necessary for the diagnosis of asthma.
It is evaluated by spirometry and peak flow meter, and airway hypersensitivity test is carried out.
The evaluation of airway inflammation is carried out by sputum examination, nitric oxide concentration measurement in air, amechanic condensate measurement, and allergy examination.
Diseases such as chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, left heart failure, hyperventilation syndrome, etc. that cause wheezing and dyspnea are subjects for identification.
It is important for clinical diagnosis that 1) symptoms derived from air flow restriction occur in paroxystic repetitiveness, 2) air flow restriction is at least partially reversible, and 3) other diseases are excluded.
As a result of our genetic analysis, it was speculated that the IL-17F gene may play an important role in the pathophysiology of asthma.
PAI-1 may be deeply involved in the formation of airway remodeling, and functional multi-type of PAI-1 gene seems to be one of the genetic factors that determine whether remodeling of airways is easy to progress.
CCL5 is chemokine strongly induced from the airway epithelium in the viral infection, and it may play an important role in the acquisition of chronic airway inflammation, especially in elderly asthma.
When the role of macrophages anti-running inhibitor was paid attention, it was inferred that the innate immune system was deeply involved in the disease state of allergy.
From the above, the understanding of the disease deepened by clarifiing the pathophysiological common pathway at the molecular level.
By targeting these pathways, it is expected to contribute to the progress of asthma prevention and treatment.
Electrocardiocardiotic reconstruction CT angiography (4D-CTA) developed to accurately grasp the dynamic state of the cerebral aneurysm wall is outlined.
4D-CTA S-MPR was able to obtain objective cerebral aneurysm images for image processing.
Blood glucose measurement for diabetes mellitus diagnosis is indispensable at present.
The realization of the blood glucose measurement by the noninvasive is desired.
In this paper, the acquisition of the basic data of the biological internal temperature estimation using MRI is reported.
In the millimeter wave region, the possibility of in vivo measurement of blood glucose level was examined by measuring the resynation characteristics using a patch antenna excited by the wave guide tube.
It was confirmed that the temperature distribution measurement can be realized by the difference of the T2 phase image.
This method can be utilized as a noninvasive temperature monitor inside the living body in various treatment systems.
This paper outlines the features of the clinical picture of Enhanced S-Cone Syndrome (ESCS) and molecular genetic features, including the examples.
Features of the clinical image of ESCS include night blind consciousness, existence of farsightedness, cystic macular disease, retinal degenerative nest from vascular arcade to intermediate periphery, reduction of kiki reaction and 30Hz flicker reaction as ERG findings, similarity between flash ERG and cone ERG waveform, etc.
The causing gene is the NR2E3 gene.
As the case, the 17-year-old male patient with the parents with the mutation in the hetero junction and the 33-year-old female patient of the light case were taken up from the aspect of the visual function maintenance.
The case was a 47-year-old woman who complained of lower abdominal bloating.
By various examinations including pelvic MRI, uterine smooth fibroids were most suspected, but by preoperation diagnosis that malignant tumors could not be denied, laparotomy by gynecology and bilateral appendagectomy were performed.
Histopathologically diagnosed as metastatic uterine cancer, and as a result of primary lesion scrutiny, it was found to be bilateral breast cancer.
After the preoperation systemic chemotherapy, left thyhorax muscle consuional mastectomy, left axillary lymph node dissection, and right breast partial resection were performed.
Postoperative irradiation was carried out in three places: left chest wall, right constoiled mammary gland, and right axillary.
The re-rise of the tumor marker was recognized 16 months after the operation, and the progress of the symptom could not be blocked, and he died of cancerous peritoneitis.
Lysine, botulinum toxin, and verotoxin are highly toxic protein toxins that are concerned about their use in biological chemical weapons or bioterrello.
The Institute of Science and Police, Nagoya University Faculty of Engineering, and Gifu Pharmaceutical University jointly developed an accurate and rapid detection method for these toxins.
The detection principle using the sugar chain is characteristic, and it is a method in combination with the surface plasmon resonance (SPR) method.
It is a reliable and operability method with greatly reduced time compared with the conventional method.
A case (16-year-old woman) of strided striosis with spina bifida is reported.
Erythema with a line sequence from the right buttock to the thigh appeared.
From clinical laboratory findings, histopathological findings, and imaging findings, it was diagnosed as strideric striosis with spina bifida.
Mometazone francarbonate ointment improved the depression a moment, but the depression from normal skin continued.
It has been reported that West Nile virus (WNV) NS4B protein, together with other viral proteins, becomes an antagonist of interferon and is local in the cell nucleus in the late stage of infection.
It was observed that NS4B protein was locally in the nucleus not only in virus infected cells but also in non-infected cells as fusion proteins with red fluorescent dyes.
Analysis of the missing mutants revealed that the C-terminal 50 amino acid of this protein is important for the nuclear transition of NS4B protein.
And, it was indicated that it was involved in the control of the cell division because many NS4B proteins were locally in the fission cell nucleus.
Hepatocellular carcinoma has fewer lymph node metastasis and distant metastasis than intrapatic bile duct cancer, which is the same primary liver cancer.
However, since the mass is often formed multiplely, the treatment is made difficult.
It has been clarified that multiple mass formation occurs multi-centrally with the background liver lesion.
For hepatocellular carcinoma patients with hepatitis, cirrhosis, etc. in the background, it is necessary to always keep multi-central carcinogenesa in mind.
In this paper, the knowledge on multi-central carcinogenescies and practical identification method of multi-central development are explained.
The liver is the organ in which portal blood flow from digestive organs flows first, and it is the organ with the highest metastasis frequency of digestive cancer.
In this paper, each treatment for metastatic liver cancer is outlined mainly for colorectal cancer.
First, evaluation method of liver metastasis and search method of extrapatic lesion are described.
Next, epidemiology of colorectal cancer liver metastasis is described, and surgical therapy, focusing chemotherapy, local therapy, and systemic chemotherapy are described on liver metastasis of colorectal cancer.
Finally, the treatment for liver metastasis of neuroendocrine tumor is described.
A case of cutaneous focal mucinosis in a 54-year-old woman is reported.
From 2 years ago, a light red and shiny nodule with a diameter of 10 mm in diameter appeared on the left labia majora, and it gradually enlarged.
It was simple excision by 2mm apart.
It was diagnosed as cutaneous focal cucinosis from histopathological findings.
There is no recurrence for 5 months after the operation.
60% of the blood T4 and 60% before administration of T4/T3 < T3 administration were used as an index of relaxation.
Based on this index as a guide, the recurrence of Basedow's disease was not recognized for 1 year immediately after discontinuation of antithyroid drugs, and only 16 out of 146 cases were relapsed in 5 years.
The recurrence rate was 11%, which was very good compared to other reports.
This paper reports a 17-year-old girl who showed different results depending on the menstrual cycle, despite the similar cold stimulation test.
The cold stimulation test was carried out 2 weeks before the start of menstruation, 6 days before, and 6 days later, and the hestamine value in the plasma before and after the load and the urinary N-methylhistamine value (NMH) were decided.
And, the change of the sex hormone by menstruation was also measured.
The measurement of urinary NIMH was considered to be useful for the diagnosis of cold urticaria.
In the U.S.A., the tei-section rate of the pelvic position increased dramatically to 80-90% in the 1980s, and the rate remains almost intact at present.
External rotation is usually performed at 37 weeks.
Pelvic photography is performed in the case where the external rotation was unsuccessful.
The test delivery is tried in the case which met the condition of the delivery which goes through, but it is often changed if there is something problem, and it is not in the situation that the teitei rate will fall in the future.
After subsoencephalonal blood operation, ceremberic infarction, 49-year-old with bilateral paralysis, and nursing of female patients were experienced.
Prevention of danger, early detection of abnormality, expansion of ADL (daily life operation) and independence were made as nursing goals, and self-help equipment, etc. were also devised.
As a result, it became complete independence and there was no ADL, but there was considerably progress compared with the hospitalization.
On the meal, it became half assered from all the service.
Excretion and urination still take time
In a 78-year-old woman who was given 12mg of trichlol saiazaid (I) a day for hypertension, consciousness suddenly disappeared during intravenous injection of Na bicarbonate preparation for rotational vertigo treatment during body movement.
This case caused electrolyte abnormalities such as hypoKemia by overdose of I, and it was considered that various arrhythmias such as sinus bradycardia, atrial fibrillation, complete left leg block, upper ventrular and ventric period extraconstrictive contraction, etc. were caused.
Only K supplementation therapy was insufficient, and artificial pacemaker therapy was effective.
The involvement of trigger activity as a mechanism for generating various ventrhy ventrhythmias was considered.
This paper reports the outline of the titled group diarrhea.
As a result of PCR on the stool collected for 99 children, the titled Escherichia coli was detected from 3 persons.
And, the titled toxin production and 16 strains were separated from 155 persons concerned and a total of 579 samples.
Though there is no problem in water supply and drainage, and the causable food is unknown, it is not installed as a disinfectant, and both the waste treatment sink and diaper storage case can be touched by the kindergartener, and so on.
It was clarified that the majority of spondylosis was caused by extreme sports activities during the developmental period.
The diagnosis of spondylosis becomes possible early from the X-ray diagnosis by MRI, and the treatment result by the preservation therapy is remarkably improved.
Mri was performed on those who complained of low back pain at junior high school checkup, and 51% showed low brightness change.
These were improved in all cases by lumbar brace or exercise restriction.
MRI diagnosis is recommended for junior high school students who have no obvious cause and have back pain for more than a month
In recent years, many "asy symptomary gallstones" without gallstone-specific symptoms are observed.
Though it is said that more than 95% of the existence site is a pore sac stone, it may be found asyrr symptoms even in common bile duct olithiasis and intrahypatic olithiasis.
The basic policy of the treatment of asy symptomat-free gallstones is follow-up.
The diagnosis of gout can be confirmed when persistent hyperuricemia exists, needle-like crystals of sodium uric acid precipitate in the joint fluid in the acute arthritis attack, and polynucleated white blood cells are eating this.
It is necessary to separate rheumatoid arthritis and false gout.
In addition, the disease type diagnosis is carried out by the uric acid clearance test.
In addition, the examination necessary for complication diagnosis and treatment and follow-up is also described.
This paper explains the daily administration of H2 blockers (I) and proton pump inhibitors (II) that can be used in Japan at present.
The main ones of I are cimetidine, lanitidine, famotidine, etc., and there is no difference in the cure rate by administration once a day and twice.
The administration time was excellent in famotidine once in the morning.
There were omeprazole and lansoprazole in II, and the difference in the cure rate by time throw time was not recognized.
Lisinopril (10mg) was administered once in the morning to 20 patients with cerebrovascular disorders with moderate or higher hypertension, and its usefulness was examined from the viewpoint of intra-daily fluctuations in blood pressure after 4〜8 weeks.
The blood pressure lowering was seen evenly at night during the day, and the hypotension was carried out without changing the daily variation.
In this case, there was no aggravation of neurological symptoms in the follow-up one year after administration, and it has passed well.
For 158 stroke patients in multi-facility joint, open research was carried out to examin the action and hypopressure effect on subjective symptoms, psychiatric symptoms, and neurotic signs of the titled drug.
The effectiveness was shown in the improvement of the subjective symptom accompanying the stroke and the improvement of the psyosis symptom.
By disease, the degree of improvement was high in subsoid hemorrhage.
There was no sudden decrease in blood pressure, and a slow and reliable hypotension effect was shown, especially for boundary blood pressure.
Saline method, enzyme method, albumin method, and indirect antiglobulin test are carried out to detect complete antibody.
This paper outlines operational attentions, abnormal reactions and their correspondence in each inspection method.
It is essential to perform irregular antibody screening before the titled test.
It is necessary to clarify the manual of the titled test corresponding to the emergency blood transfusion.
Non-metal prosthetic orthotic materials other than plastic are discussed.
This paper describes the superiority and inferiority of each kind and property of natural materials and artificial materials.
Natural organic matter is an organism material, and some artificial materials have reached or surpassed them with the goal of natural materials.
These materials are close to human organisms, and they need to be guaranteed to be used appropriately for prosthetic orthotic materials.
The crisis of 212 cases (1970〜1993) was the most common in 60〜69-year-old, and the number of women aged 20〜29-year-old was more than that of men of the same age.
83% were naturally cured without special treatment.
42% of the patients had a history of taking drugs containing SH groups, and there was no difference in the distribution of cases by place of residence.
A rare case (man, 25-year-old) with remarkable hypercalcemia in Basedow's disease is reported.
In this case, the general weakness was remarkable, and serum calcium value 12. 5mg/dl, calcium ion 3. 14mEq/l and significant hypercalcemia were presented.
The remarkable hypercalcemia was improved within several days by a large amount of infusion, and the serum calcium level normalized with the normalization of the blood thyroid hormone by the antithyroid drug administration.
The importance of search for the disease factor and the appropriate treatment was emphasized.
This document outlines the indicators of nutritional therapy mainly on energy and protein directly related to low nutrition in dialysis patients.
The main nutritional indicators are the measurement of energy sources (fats) and protein sources (muscle proteins, built-in proteins) in vivo.
In addition, proper exercise therapy based on prescription is indispensable, and indicators such as exercise ability will be necessary in the future.
Infection defense mechanism of the respiratory organ and treatment of chronic respiratory tract infection are shown in the figure and table, and the pathophysiology of chronic respiratory tract infection and the principle of treatment are briefly explained.
Next, representative pathogenic bacteria are summarized in the table, the features are described, and antimicrobial therapy is described by pathogenic bacteria.
In addition, cautionary notes in outpatient or home treatment are shown.
Finally, the significance of macrolides small-term therapy for chronic respiratory tract infection is introduced.
This study explains the relationship between central convulsions and histamine levels in the brain.
There was an inverse correlation between the histamine level in the brain and the interstigal convulsion duration, and there was no correlation between the duration of the antonic convulsions.
Histamine neuron mechanism played an important role in inhibiting interstachian convulsion-induced duration.
Centrally acting H1 receptor antagonist should not be administered to children
For 12 cases of skin small ulcer with infectious powder and se, etc. after incision drainage, the clinical usefulness was examined by tampon method in which white sugar and povidone iodo combination ointment eupastum were inserted into the ulcer.
The size and depth of the ulcers were both significantly reduced.
In the degree of improvement by symptom, it was 100% in all items such as granulation formation and epidermal formation.
No side effects were observed.
Clinical separation 73 strains were subjected.
The correlation between the results of this kit and the MIC value of methicillin was good, but it became mecA gene positive in 1 out of 40 strains which were methicillin sensitivity.
The detection sensitivity was not always sufficient when the fungus was used compared with the case using DNA.
Electrosmethy motion was more stable in the simultaneous reproducibility of the detection system.
The difference was recognized by the reaction temperature, and a large variation was also recognized in the sun reproducibility.
This is to discuss the legal characteristics of over-the-general pharmaceuticals.
Next, this paper described the necessity of pharmacy using the medicine and the handling of the general drug from the point of clinical pharmacy for the pharmacy pharmacist.
In addition, concrete development of "clinical pharmacy" in the pharmacy pharmacist in the region was considered.
Finally, this paper describs the ideal way of pharmacist education for pharmacy medical science.
The case was a 58-year-old woman, who progressively wobbled in walking, urination disorder, and dementia.
Ayclobils resulted in temporary improvements.
Cerebrospinal fluid examination revealed increased cells and proteins and increased antibody titer of simple papule virus, and MRI revealed bilateral papular lobe lesions.
It seemed to be peculiar as the titled encephalitis that headache, fever, and other meningeal stimulation symptoms were lacked, the side lobe symptom was unclear, the progress was chronic progressive, and dementia was seen in the whole view.
For 15 nurses working day shifts, the titled examination was carried out by a method using am-fit to measure the shape of the foot with a digitizer, and a method to measure the arch height rate representing the ratio of the boat-like osteoporosis height to the length of the foot by a percentage.
Eight people were admitted to the complaint of foot.
The foot arch height decreased in almost all cases after work, and the rate of the decrease in arch height was larger than that of the group which was not the group with foot complaint.
It was indicated that the decrease in the foot arch height may be affecting the foot complaint.
The adjustment at the handicap level was carried out through the compulsory education return of the titled 3 cases.
As the independence level of daily life operation increased by rehabilitation, both patients and families came to hope for return to normal school.
The medical side understood the disability to the school and the board of education, and the return to school was realized by having the role of medical management after the return to school.
A comprehensive rehabilitation system was considered necessary.
By adopting the streptavidin tube method, it was possible to measure many items with the same tube.
As a result, improvement of measurement sensitivity, improvement of reproducibility, and improvement of stability of reagent were recognized.
By using the fully automatic EIA analyzer ES600, it becomes possible to process a large number of specimens at once.
The history of the Department of Music Education and Music Therapy, Faculty of Education, Kansas University was investigated.
The transition of 5 years from the year following the death of Gaston, the founder of this university, was investigated.
This paper summarizes music therapy program, achievements of supervisors and supervisors, student names and number of students, etc.
The music therapy program of this university is very well known and attracts the interest of many students.
This survey was able to create a list of all students, including bachelor's and doctoral graduates.
This paper explains the present state and future development trend in each field by the artificial kidney is parted into chronic hemodialysis and emergency and intensive medical field.
First, the treatment method in the chronic hemodialysis field is touched, and the present state of the membrane material which is changing from cellulose to various plastics is explained, and biocompatibility such as antithrombotic is mentioned.
And, the continuous blood filtration method and the continuous hemolytalysis method in the emergency and intensive medical field are described.
And, outline of the therapy and characteristics of the hollow fiber film in which polyacrylonitrile and polymethyl methacrylate, etc. are used are described.
In dogs with gastric wax, gastric acid secretion test by insulin load and gastric eject ability test using acetaminophen were carried out.
Though the acid reduction effect was recognized after the operation, there was no significant change in the gastric eject ability.
Next, laparoscopic vasculation nerve surgery was performed as an additional acid reduction operation of laparoscopic simple closure in the duodenal ulcer perforation case.
This operation showed good acid reduction effect and higher gastric discharge ability.
Responses were obtained from 70 patients.
Many patients answered that they enjoyed it, and some of them showed movement at the emotional level.
The patient's consent was obtained, and the video was taken, and the patient's state in the participation was observed.
And, the record of the reaction and the behavior of the patient before and after participation by the ward nurse was examined.
High-level osteotomy was performed for mediatic type and mediated and patella type osteoarthritis of the knee, and the long-term clinical results of 73 cases and 94 knees more than 10 years after the operation were examined.
At the time of the investigation, the average was 170. The correction target angle was maintained at 6 degrees.
The pain was remarkably improved or disappeared in all cases.
And, the walking distance increased twice as much as before the art, and it was recognized that there was no inconvenience in the stair climbing.
23 patients with multiple cerebral infarction (average 66. 7±10． The clinical effect of katsura branch and 苓 for 3-year-old).
It was clarified that it had the action of improving the erythrocyte set ability considered to be a risk factor of the cerebral infarction crisis and fibrinogen value which was the influence factor.
The action depended on the importance of "blood syndrome", which is an Oriental medical disease state.
It was speculated that this drug may suppress the onset of cerebral infarction.
A 53-year-old man was examined.
The first symptoms were shortness of breath and right season rib pain in exertation, and periculitis already completed by the cardiac catheter was confirmed.
About 2 years later, he died of respiratory failure due to pneumonia.
The heart weight was 740g, and the adhesion was seen with remarkable pericular thickening.
The periccleum had lymphocyte invasion with necrotic tissue and nuclear atypicity, and the same findings were also observed in the myocardium.
Malignant lymphoma of the paraortic lymphodenocongiositis may have resulted in contractive pericaritis.
A case of Parkinson's disease (P) which has been effective of low protein diet therapy for a long time is reported.
More than 10 years after the disease, the side effect by the long-term taking of the levodopa (I) main anti-P agent was conspicuous, and the combined use of the low protein diet therapy of 6g each of the morning lunch was carried out.
Stabilization of neurological symptoms and reduction of I side effects are shown.
This effect was maintained for 2 years, and there was no nutritional disorder, and it was indicated that the combined use of this therapy was useful for P in the long term.
Single nerve discharge of skin pain receiving vessel (R) in SD rats was recorded, and the action of kinoform (C) on the thermal reaction was examined.
There was no clear variation in the thermal reaction of the control group administered only dimethyl suulkhoxide lysate.
In the C administration group, the activity of R was clearly enhanced for 240 minutes.
It was indicated that there was an enhancement of R activity based on the pain hypersensitivity seen in the action by C.
102 patients with SMON treated with moxibustion (9. 9 months, average 32. 3 times), and the transition of abnormal perception and indefinite complaint was evaluated.
Though the level and degree of abnormal perception were unchanged, improvement examples of more than 5% were shown in "piri-piri feeling" and "pain".
In the indefinite complaint, more than 10% of the improvement cases were shown in diarrhea, anorexia, bladder disorder, and headache.
Immediately after the treatment, subjective examples such as "light feeling of whole body", "feeling that was able to take a feeling of pull", "warmth of the lower limbs", etc. were recognized.
The titled research report was made in 1994 (19 papers).
Emphasis was placed on the mechanism of immature neuronal necrosis and the development of preventive methods.
Clinically, the purpose of the research was to elucidate the mechanism of development of cerebral circulation disorders from the fetal stage to the neonatal stage, and to develop early diagnosis and treatment methods.
Forward-looking research on pregnant women, fetuses, and newborns from the previous fiscal year is also continuing.
When the survival time analysis was carried out for the crisis and progress of diabetic retinopathy, the statistical analysis method of the data including the case exclusion (left side tholithic) in which the event had already occurred at the start was examined.
As a result, it was confirmed that a high bias occurred in the survival time distribution estimation in the analysis which disregarded the left side thyme usually carried out.
It was also found that bias may occur when the Weibull distribution is assigned to survival time by parametric maximum likelihood.
After adjusting the effects of risk factors in a parametric way, an approach to estimating the basic survival function by a nonparametric method was considered to be effective.
The LDH activity measurement reagent &a &amp; LDH liquid (Nipro) based on the JSC recommendation method was examined.
In addition, the relationship with the P→L method adopted in many facilities and the relationship with JSC compliant reagents of other companies were also examined.
As a result, &a &; LDH liquid&a;s was a reagent with good precision and accuracy, and its performance could be maintained for a long time.
There was also a difference in → and the active value on the basis of the recommendation method of the P-L method.
Chinese medicine therapy after abdominal surgery of the adult is described, especially, the bath for the anastomosis stenosis苓 and the supplemental gain air bath for the large construction nakayu for the intestinal obstruction and the postoperative bone metabolism disorder.
The 苓 reduces the passage disorder by 苓 watering action of the component and the digestion absorption promotion action of carrots.
Daiken-nakayu promotes digestive tract movement from various aspects.
Supplements are effective in promoting digestion and absorption after surgery and improving metabolism.
Changes in electrocardiocardiocardiodes from pre-onset to 1 month after onset were investigated in 29 patients with acute pulmonary embolism.
Compared with the crisis day, QT extension became apparent in V1 and 2 after the next day.
QT extension was more pronounced in the cases of high pulmonary arterial pressure.
The usefulness of QT extension of right thoracic induction in the pathophysiology of this disease was indicated.
During conception, liver and intestine were observed externally through the central abdominal wall.
The hernia repair was carried out in the neonatal period, and the cardiac catheter was performed for the heart murmur at 3-year-old.
Two pairs of bilateral parasolithic veins acted as return from the lower body, which were thinner than the original malformations.
In addition, diverticulum formation between the right vein and the right atrium and the anonymous vein under the aorta were confirmed by the above two methods.
It was considered to be a complication to be dediculated in the extra-body circulation of the hernia repair.
The case was an 18-year-old man, who had developed AIDS with hemophilia A.
He was hospitalized due to worsening liver dysfunction.
Though the HBs antibody in the outpatient was positive, it became negative in the hospitalization, and the crisis of hepatitis B was recognized.
Liquid immunity was also affected by the dysfunction of helper T cells, and HBs antibody was negative and HBV latent in the cell was repron proliferation.
Using rats (CS) and low rats (CR) who were genetically sensitive to the toxicity of kinoform in rats, kinoform was administered for more than 340 days and smon crisis was attempted.
Cr survived in 3 out of 12 males and 2 out of 9 females.
Among these surviving rats, three males of CS and one male of CR observed slow lifting and weakness of the limbs.
A case (female, 85-year-old) of dissocular aortic aneurysm of Stanford A type (De Bakey II type) which showed a peculiar form was experienced.
His chief complaints were dyspnea and chest pain, and he was diagnosed as sepsis in blood culture.
Antibiotics were administered, but it became a sudden shock state, and it became cardiac and respiratory arrest and died.
This disease was thought to have caused the shock state associated with sepsis and the sudden increase in blood pressure subsequently leading to rupture.
Dr. Tumor Dormancy (TD) concept and its relation between TD and angiosancies. J． This is to mention folkman's lecture content.
As an example of Tumor Dromancy in humans, this paper described breast cancer in which metastasis appears through years after primary nest removal.
In the animal experiment model, the tumor can be placed in an ined activity state, that is, a dormant state, by suppressing angiosanthan.
This paper explains the lecture contents on the promisingness of anti-angiosotherapy in cancer treatment.
The efficacy and safety of imidapril hydrochloric acid (I) in hypertension treatment in hemodialysis patients were examined in 10 hemodialysis patients.
The effective buck effect was shown with the decrease of ACE activity by I administration.
Imidaprilato was removed by hemodialysis for about 50% and about 65% of dialysis time in 3 and 4 hours, respectively.
It was about 7 months, but the safety of I for the treatment of hypertension in hemodialysis patients was confirmed.
For 747 cases (m cancer: 404 cases, sm cancer: 343 cases) of single-shot early gastric cancer excised from 1976 to 1994, clinical pathological analysis was performed mainly on lymph node metastasis cases.
The least invasive treatment at present is endoscopic gastric mucosal resection (EMR).
Laparoscopic local resection was performed in the case where the complete cure was difficult by EMR.
The sectional gastrectomy without pyloric plasty was excellent in terms of postoperative QOL.
The number of airborne bacteria, floor and wall adhere bacteria did not change remarkably before and after the air conditioning equipment renewal, and the cleanliness was good.
After equipment renewal, the airborne dust (I) in unmanned operation became 100 in all classes.
The number of I and bacteria in the operation did not change greatly before and after the update.
In the number of ventilation times of 20〜30 times/hour, there was a problem in the exhaust capacity for the amount of dust generation.
Computational modeling and theoretical analysis of dentin adhesion and adhesion mechanism were examined.
It is indicated that the stress value becomes uneven along the interface, and is important for the examination of the relaxation mode of the interface, assuming the tension adhesion strength as the direction in which the stress is applied using the calculation model consisting of the interface layer model.
When the average stress of the adhesion region and the size of the plastic deformation region were examined, the mechanism was clarified based on the decision of the elastic modulus of the interface layer.
A dentin resin impregnated layer component was modeled, and the relationship between hardness and modulus of elasticity was found.
Whether the grip strength can be an index of aging was examined.
In relation to the test result of grip strength and subsequent mortality rate, the prognostic mortality rate was lower in the group with high grip strength than in the lower group.
And, the relation of the relative strength of the grip strength was sufficiently preserved after 20 years, and the grip strength re-inspection was carried out after 20 years.
The mortality rate was lower in the group who increased grip after 20 years compared to the decreased group.
During ski gliding, he fell and was injured and had a right knee deformity and pain.
External dislocation and external deformation were recognized in the visual examination, and patella dislocation and femoral dissotate line dissoion were recognized in X-P.
Osteosynzing was performed, and the dislocation was performed by outer branch detachion and mediated arthroplasty.
The range of motion became normal by range of motion training and strength strengthening training, and it was discharged by self-walking, but long-term follow-up is necessary.
The anti-heat effect of the title component was screened using the influenza virus infection system of the mouse.
Among the 55 synnamill compounds and their related compounds, which are thought to be contained in the katsura skin, 13 had a strong anti-heating effect.
This document confirms the anti-heat effect of Kakkonyu on influenza infection.
Air turbine handpiece (A) and micromotor handpiece for treatment and technical work are explained, and the development of new technology in A is examined.
The mass of A is about 30〜70g, and the rotational speed at no load is 30〜40×104rpm.
The miniaturization of A is also deeply difficult to related to rotational performance.
Sterilization measures, infection prevention, cooling effect, and noise countermeasure are also described.
This page mainly mentions the recent topic of nonsteroidal anti-flating drug (S).
This paper introduces the transition of S development, and then, the properties of the drug, the drug route, and the features are mentioned, and it is classified into oral medicine, suppository, injection drug, and transdermal absorber.
In addition, selective cyclooxygenase 2 inhibitor is described as recent S.
Finally, the effect of S on malignant tumors is mentioned.
The usefulness of ultra-acidic water for MRSA was examined by hand washing of the staff in the premature baby and neonatal ward, environmental investigation and floor disinfection, and mingling for the hospitalized patient.
Ultra-acidic water was very useful as a disinfectant.
In the investigation in the ward, MRSA was detected in the hand of the staff, the body surface of the patient, and the floor.
An attempt was made to prevent the adhesion of MRSA to the patient using ultra-acidic water, but it could not be prevented.
In the thoracic cardiovascular surgery of Kawasaki Medical University, 140 cases of abdominal aortic aneurysm and arteriosclerosis obliterans from July, 1991 to December, 1995, postoperative fever, inflammation, leukocytes, hemorrhage amount, operation time, presence of blood transfusion, change of graft diameter, presence or absence of openness were examined.
Though there were many prolongation and rekindling of postoperative fever and inflammation compared with the uncoated products, it responded well to the anti-inflammatory agent, the openness rate was also good, and there were no complications.
It is thought that it may be used if the above-above is d'e to be knew.
The occurrence situation of methyl methacrylic acid (I) in bone cement stirring was compared with the normal method and the cement mixer usage.
In the normal method, I occurred for 6 minutes.
In the vacuum mixer use, the gas generation in the stirring is suppressed, but I is generated when the cement is taken out.
Measures such as the use of the aspirat and the double wearing of the mask in the opening of the lid were considered necessary.
Thoracoscopic surgery differs greatly from open chest surgery in the approach to lesions, and the instruments used are also different.
In order to perform thoracoscopic surgery safely, indirect service nurses maintain position, observe tv monitors, and quickly prepare necessary instruments.
Direct service nurses pay attention to accurate understanding of surgical operations and smooth delivery of instruments through video training.
It is necessary to keep in mind the response to intraoperational troubles and subsequent treatment.
Two cases of contractive pericarditis (CP) in which the human atrial natriuretic peptide preparation HANP (carperitide) was successful in postoperative low cardiac cardiac syndrome (LOS) were reported.
Case 1 (17-year-old man) had prolonged cold symptoms, was diagnosed as CP by a near doctor, and transferred to a hospital.
In case 2 (41-year-old man), monk valve insufficiency was pointed out, but heart failure symptom appeared, and cp was diagnosed from the scrutiny.
Both patients showed an increase in LOS and pre-load on the first day after pericerctomy, so HANP was administered.
Hanp administration showed reduction of the pre-load, chest X-ray pulmonary depression, and decrease of CTR from the early days.
This paper reports cases of chest pain patients with unknown causes who have developed since goiter surgery, and patients with chest pain who are still unknown causes after stress.
In both analgesics, antidepressants, and nerve block treatment, the effect was temporary.
Then, the symptom was improved in case 1 with the star nerve block by Shiba park hot water and shuji busi end, and case 2 by the internal use of the home bath.
For chest pain of unknown cause, administration of Chinese medicine seems to be to be considered.
A 66-year-old man was a case.
The chief complaint was dizziness and wobble feeling, and the II degree atsoelectric block of the Mobitz II type was recognized from the Holter electrocardios, and it was diagnosed as WPW syndrome of type C.
After implanting the DDD pacemaker, the exciting of the ventrum was observed both when through the Kent bundle and according to ventrum pacing.
Subjective symptoms such as dizziness and wobble disappeared.
Ultrascopy (echo) is the most useful test method for good and malignant identification of parodenal tumors, and more than 90% of correct examinations can be obtained by combining echo lower fine needle puncture cytology.
Nuclear magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) is useful for inferring the internal structure of tumors, and the location of shallow and deep leaves of tumors is diagnosed by computed tomography (CT).
And, the positional relation with the parotaceous gland surrounding tissue is unders been undersidden by MRI and CT images, and it is useful for the examination of the approach method in the operation of the development tumor.
This paper explains the features of echo images, MRI, and CT images in the diagnosis of adenocyma (Warthin tumor) and differential diagnosis of non-epithelial tumors of the parotum gland.
This paper examined the present state and problems of pediatrics medical care consultation and developmental consultation in the public health center, and pediatrics precision health checkup in Shiga Prefectural Children's Health And Medical Center.
It was considered that the pediatric neurologist was in charge of many pediatric neurological diseases.
And, there were a lot of children who needed the developmental consultation for the medical treatment consultation child, and it was carried out as a medical treatment development consultation, and it was made to target the child who needed the medical diagnosis and the child who was difficult to respond by the developmental consultation of the municipality.
In the future, cooperation in all prefectures centered on the children's health and medical center along with the cooperation of health, medical care, welfare, and education in the region centered on the public health center was considered to be a problem.
The relationship between aging and gastric acid secretion was reevaluated in 157 healthy subjects.
But H. In the multiple regression analysis which added the existence of pyrori infection (I) and the degree of gastric mucosal atrophy, acid secretion ability was positively correlated with age.
The acid secretion ability of the woman without I negative and atrophy increased with aging, and the acid secretion ability was low in the I positive person and the atrophy advanced case.
It is necessary to reevaluate the relation between aging and gastric acid secretion ability after adjusting the existence of I infection and the degree of gastric mucosal atrophy.
The adaptability of the side element finite element method to the ECT analysis was confirmed.
By using the deformation potential, the division of the excitation coil was unnecessary, and the impedance change caused by the reaction magnetic field due to the eddy current could be analyzed.
The analysis results of the benchmark calculations are in good agreement with the calculated values.
And, the calculation capacity was reduced by using the object and the opposite symmetric condition.
This paper introduces the development and establishment of probabatic methods for strength evaluation, reliability analysis or guarantee testing of ceramics.
This paper introduces the evaluation method of strength characteristics from the characteristics of fracture mechanism, fracture toughness, crack growth, temperature dependence of fracture strength, and impact fracture strength.
This paper clarifies the idea of strength evaluation of multi-axis stress, thermal stress as application to strength design, stress of junction surface, contact stress, and collision stress.
Reliability assurance test and application technology are described.
In two-dimensional photoelasticity, the data obtained by the photoelastic method are the difference between the two-dimensional principal stress and the value in their direction.
In the three-dimensional photoelasticity, in the case of the transmission type, these values were mixed and the integral data was made.
In the slice type, the problem when reorganizing the difference between the two-dimensional principal stress and the value of the direction is how to reduce the noise contained in the data.
It can be expected that noise can be remarkably reduced by using a lock-in amplifier.
In the two-beam slice type, the difference and direction of the two-dimensional principal stress using the lock-in amplifier are measured and their reorganization are reported.
In the presence of safety standards for service robots, robots were operated for half a year at the Aichi Expo based on the "Robot Safety Guidelines".
This guideline is sure to be the basis of the robot safety standard to be formulated in the future.
And, this guideline is often helpful in knowing machine safety.
In the cleaning work of the present window, there is the one by the manual labor system by the worker using the gondola and the automatic cleaning equipment.
Some automated cleaning equipment is worked by hanging from the roof by a crane, but the cleaning of windows is often done by hand.
In recent years, super-large window glass has increased in small and medium-sized buildings, and efficient and safe cleaning means suitable for these are required.
In response to this, a small and general-purpose stand-alone window cleaning robot is developed.
This is to introduce the mechanism of the robot and the autonomous driving system.
This paper explains the outline of fuzzy control and neuro control, and explains the expectation for future research in this field.
This paper introduces the flow of research and development of neuro-control, which is a learning control based on neural networks.
This paper presents the flow to the error reverse propagation method which is the learning method of the hierarchical neural network by the proposal of the machine (perceptron) which learns based on the learning rule of the synaptic coupling.
In the future intellectual control, the design of the hybrid control system which integrates various basic technologies such as fuzzy control, neural network, genetic algorithm, etc. is important.
On the benchmark problem of position control of 3 inertia system, the design specification and the idea of the design were compared referring to the design example.
This is an example of the features of design problems and design methods through design examples.
This ∞ examples of loop forming method by H-control theory and μ examples using the design analysis and design of the design are also explained.
The configuration of the 2 degrees of freedom control system and the sliding mode control system which is the robust nonlinear control system are also shown.
For feature point extraction, a model image divided into arbitrary blocks without duplication is used.
Each block abstracts as a unique feature point labeled with spatial position and dominant saturation in the HSV color space.
In order to reduce the search area of matching in a dynamic environment, a background removal method and skin color detection for detecting only hands are used.
After hand detection of input image, the surrounding area centered on the hand is searched.
At present, the importance as a lifeline of the Internet is increasing, and the threat of security by artificial attack on the Internet has a big influence on social life.
This paper introduces the research advanced in the research theme &;research and development of the basic technology on the wide area monitoring system&; as a countermeasure against the security threat of the coming ubiquitous society.
This is composed of traffic probe system, information collection system, analysis system, and operation system, and aims at smooth security operation and information exchange for that to promote quick response from detection of abnormality.
And, this paper explains the ultra-high speed traffic probe system which is the effort of Oki Electric In this.
Ubiquitous means "omnipresent like God."
The u-Japan concept and u-Japan policy announced by the Ministry of Internal Affairs and Communications in 2004 were positioned in the policy of IT utilization in Japan, aiming at the realization of the ubiquitous society by 2010.
Already, it is at the entrance of the ubiquitous society, and the mobile phone is the penetration rate of more than 70% of the total population.
This paper looks at ubiquitous networks from two points of "vision" and "communication promotion", and studies what kind of ubiquitous society will be welcomed in 2010 from national policy and infrastructure penetration rate, and what kind of business prospects there are in the society.
inter-touch Co., Ltd. is a company of DoCoMo group of Singapore, and provides Internet connection service to customers of 310 4,5 star-class hotels in 42 countries as ISP (Internet Service Provider) for hotels.
In this report, the function of the broadband network system known as IBIS (inter-Touch Billing information system) is described.
Customer support is available 24/7 per year in 5 languages, and the cost enters the room charge.
Equipment and equipment for Internet connection are owned and managed by inter-touch, and costs are shared with hotels.
This is an introduction to a part of the basic research of the three-dimensional display system.
There is a three-dimensional feeling by binocular information in the sense that the current television cannot handle.
As a technique to realize this, we tried to reconstruct the object surface from two television cameras using a neural network model that simulates the function of human neural networks.
This is to mention that a large-scale parallel computer that actually executes processing can be put to practical use if it is possible to do so.
This paper explains the reason why compression/reproduction technology has recently attracted attention, and the compression target in the present state of voice and sound signals.
Next, the technology for compressing encoded information is described by image and voice, and the future of compression/reproduction technology is viewed.
Information compression technology for images is carried out by removing redundant parts (waste parts) contained in signals and using human visual characteristics.
A typical example of an image code is shown.
For this reason, the offices were connected by LAN-WAN-LAN, and services such as e-mail, electronic bulletin board, and forum were carried out.
Indicates the menu for the service.
The features of the system are voluntary introduction in the u-use department, cooperation service with business system, u use from remote location, and metropolitan area LAN/WAN deployment.
For remote sensing image analysis, a pattern recognition technique using neural network (NN) and knowledge processing together is proposed.
It is possible to obtain accurate recognition results even for data that do not follow the Gaussian distribution.
NN was used for the recognition part of the processing system, and knowledge processing was used for the correction part.
It was applied to actual image data, and its effectiveness was verified.
This paper introduces three papers on the interlocking component problem of graphs, and shows that parallel algorithms are huge systems.
This is to introduce the case used to explain the parallel algorithmic idea in an easy-to-understand manner.
This dispensing pharmacy system is a personal computer LAN system based on a lightweight coaxial cable.
The points of the system construction are the reduction of the waiting time of the patient, the system useful for the pharmacist, the extensibility, and the support power.
Effects and future prospects after introduction are described.
Application of business package software is described.
In addition, the client server system by the business server "K series" was constructed.
As a result, the system was integrated while effectively utilizing the existing personal computer assets.
This is a report on the utilization of personal computers as clients.
Based on the circuit technology using multi-input threshold arithmetic element neuron MOS (τMOS), "associative hardware" which recognizes and understands events in real time has been developed.
That is, analog EEPRM cell technology for high density storage of analog events, associators of analog vectors were developed, and high-speed detection circuits of motion vectors of 2D images, real-time tracking circuits at center of gravity position, etc. were realized using τMOS as these applications.
This paper explains the operating principle, circuit composition, measurement results, etc. of each basic hardware.
τMOS technology combines the flexibility of analog processing with the strictness of digital processing.
This study discusses the basic concept and case study of the approach aimed at the fusion of art and engineering.
It is necessary to include emotional and kansei information in communication for image and speech processing.
For this reason, we considered that artists participate and approach problems from the art side, and joint research was carried out by adding artists.
As the main results, we have developed an interactive environment that creates a virtual environment according to communication, a sensitivity agent that recognizes eight emotions such as emotions contained in speech and changes facial expressions accordingly, and a virtual kabuki that transforms facial expression images from facial images into kabuki actors using technology that detects facial expression images in real time and reproduces them with a three-dimensional face model.
This paper described a texture synthesis method based on an extended L system called TSL system (Texture Synthesis L-system), defined as a combination of parametric, probatic and MAP L systems.
A description of primitives and their spatial relationships is given from the perspective of TSL.
In the TSL system, local control was realized by changing the parameters of the rewrite production.
And, some of other related technologies are also shown.
For reversible compression of natural images, region division coding that effectively uses the local properties of images is promising.
In this paper, as a pre-stage of region division coding, we examined a method for dividing an image into areas with similar statistical properties and a coding technique for describing the region.
First, the initial region was generated by K average clustering, and the minute region was deleted by comparing the color distance.
Next, the region was integrated by the luminance average and histogram comparison, and the coding was carried out after the minute region was further deleted.
The simulation experiment was carried out, and the effect of entropy reduction by region division was confirmed.
The production line and the information system that supports it must be two-way.
The construction of the information system which corresponds flexibly to the modification of the production line was examined.
In this book, the quality and productivity improvement of information system construction by domain analysis and modeling technique were examined.
This is a method to introduce UML (unified modeling language) and equation specifications (specifications describing constraints between calculation items and attributes) as domain model construction expression methods.
And, the operation which combines two object models including business rules and generates a new object model is defined.
It becomes possible to automatically generate the program by applying the automation tool of the design and programming to the model obtained by such a procedure.
The personnel and labor management of the enterprise in Japan will have to be related to the mechanism that the way of life of the individual individual is made the best use of in the enterprise in the long term.
In the current human resource development department, long-term and strategic viewpoints are extremely important.
In considering the prospect of the problem solving, there is an individual problem on one side and a problem of the enterprise on the other.
How to make use of self-development is the key
This paper reports the results of a survey on the title carried out by the Japan Society of Professional Engineers commissioned by the Science and Technology Policy Bureau of the Science and Technology Agency.
The survey items are 1) trends of engineers (1992 survey and literature survey), and 2) investigation on actual condition and consciousness of engineers (questionnaire survey for individual engineers).
Regarding the trend of the engineer, this paper describs the transition of the demand quantity and supply quantity, the change of the demand structure, the composition ratio by gender and occupation, the employment trend by industry of the graduate of the science and engineering university, and the trend of the new graduate technology, etc.
On the investigation of the actual condition and consciousness of the engineer, the enterprise to work, the major field and the job description, working hours, treatment, experience of the change of job, education and training inside and outside the office, consciousness for the duty, etc. were investigated.
Based on these results, the average engineer image was grasped, and the problems and countermeasures related to the training and securing of engineers were examined [1994. 3］
This report focuses on job postings and job opening cards as information provision media in public employment security offices, and examined &a&a;s &a0;&a;s what is easy job offer design&a;, and &a &a&a;s &a0; &a&;; &a0;&a;, and &a0;&a;s &a0; &a;s by experimenting using cognitive psychology or cognitive engineering techniques.
It is desirable that the Public Employment Security Office always grasps the user needs and provides job offer and job information effectively.
The items listed are 1) background of research, 2) theoretical study on design improvement, 3) experimental study on design improvement, 4) search for effective job advertisement expression, 5) summary and future issues, etc. [1994. 6］
Sewage sludge biomass energy is attracting attention as a countermeasure against global warming.
About 80% of sewage sludge is organic and has a high calorific value.
In order to recover energy from sewage sludge, there are two methods: digestion method of fermenting sewage sludge in an anaerritic state, and method of drying and carbonizing sewage sludge and using it as solid fuel.
In the fuelization system of The Japan Sewage Works Corporation, the conventional drying system and carbonization system are optimized for fuel production, and the fuel efficiency improvement in the operation operation is aimed at at the same time as the high calorie reduction of the generated fuel.
And, in biomass solid fueling business, it is important to optimize the energy balance in the whole business and to implement the efficiency improvement of the comprehensive energy utilization.
Energy extraction method from sewage sludge and solid fueling of sewage sludge biomass are described.
Huis Ten Bosch Co., Ltd. aims to be a completely new "environmental future city" that protects the natural environment and maintains a comfortable living space.
This system can be fermented at high temperature and high speed by adding horse barn straw and adesthic fermented bacteria to garbage (about 3 tons/day) and compost in about 4 weeks, and it is reused as fertilizer for trees, green spaces, and flower beds in the field.
The amount of heavy oil used in A decreased from 1994 (104kl) to 34kl in 1995 and 19kl in 1996.
Similarly, the emission index of carbon dioxide, sulfur oxide, and nitrogen oxide also decreased from 100 to 63.
This paper reports development history, basic characteristics, performance confirmation test, exhaust monitoring results, etc. of krypton broadband detector carried out in high level radioactive material research facility (CPF).
In chapter 2, as an outline of the emission monitoring exhaust management system in CPF, outline of exhaust management system and krypton monitor, etc. are explained.
Chapter 3 describes the test and evaluation of krypton broadband detectors.
In Chapter 4, the conclusion that the measurement result of the Krypton broadband detector is reasonable is described.
［2004． 7］
As a part of scientific research on high-level radioactive waste strata disposal technology, the title was analyzed for the purpose of contributing to the setting of boundary conditions of groundwater flow analysis for evaluating groundwater flow characteristics.
The analysis reflects the investigation and research results of step 1 of the first stage of the ultra-deep stratum research plan.
In Chapters 2 to 5, outlines of topography and geology, modeling and analysis areas, procedures for modeling and analysis, groundwater flow analysis, are described.
Chapter 6 summarizes the results of the study.
［2005． 5］
The imaging plate has 100〜1000 times the sensitivity of X-ray film, and the position resolution is also good.
The radioactivity distribution pattern of the contaminated surface can be known.
If the luminous material thickness is about 40μm and the protective film thickness is about 3μm, the sensitivity to β lines will be lower, which is advantageous for measuring α lines.
In the demonstration furnace No. 1, important items were examined as common research on electric power, and reflected in the design.
On the basic furnace constant, effective magnification, proliferation ratio, etc. are explained.
On the nuclear characteristic evaluation technique, adoption of homogeneous model, correction of non-homogeneous effect, derivation of predicted value and prediction error are described.
In addition, nuclear characteristics of the demonstration reactor are introduced.
This is to mention the technology trend of high efficiency electric motor mainly on induction electric motor.
Jis standard of induction motor with low loss and 1〜5% higher efficiency than conventional was established, and the characteristic evaluation method by the actual load was defined.
It is also recommended to use it in the Energy Conservation Law.
When applied to fluid loads such as pumps and blowers, power may increase unless attention is paid to the selection of operating points.
Since the starting current also increases, attention is necessary.
This paper introduces an engine which can project a screen of 62 inches at a projection distance of less than 20 cm by a hybrid optical system of asym spherical mirror and refractive lens, and an ultra-thin rear projection TELEVISION prototype using this.
In the optical system in which the minimum angle of field of field is large and the effective angle of field range is reduced, it is found that the image surface curvature can be reduced by a simple optical system configuration regardless of the condition of the conventional petzbar sum, and the low cost optical system was realized in a simple configuration.
Based on such design guidelines, the engine and television of dlptm system were prototyped.
The distance to the screen is 125 mm, and the majority of the angle of view reaches 80 degrees, and the screen distortion is 0. The depth of the television was 26cm as well as achieving contrast of 3000:1 less than 4%.
The lighting system design for the image display by LCD from the notebook type computer to the mobile phone finds a lot of design indexes in the simulation result by the ray tracking, and can be said to be a field of the lighting system design technology which makes use of the conventional optical design technology.
Such a design area is called "display optical system design".
However, in addition, it is possible to find some generality and commonality in the classification.
Certainly, in the optical structure of such equipment, there are features commonly not found in other lighting systems.
In this paper, the basics and features of such display optical system design are described based on the lighting system design.
This paper described the prospect of MEMS (micro electromechanic system) research in Singapore.
In the past few years, a large MEMS research plan has been set up by considerable financial support from the government.
Micromachine centers in NTU (Nanyang Technical University) contribute to research and manpower training.
In NTU, the research and education plan of comprehensive MEMS was carried out, and the increase of MEMS workers was promoted.
In addition, small and medium enterprises and multinational enterprises are being established as newly established enterprises.
In line with the efforts of the government to promote nanotechnology and bioengineering, the technology developed for MEMS production is useful for nano-biodetics and systems.
This paper describs the history from the birth of large-scale video cissitem using full color LED (FCLED) to today and its latest trends.
The development of high brightness blue LED element by Japana Chemical was the foundation, and a large-scale video system using FCLED was born, and a full-fledged FCLED large-scale image appeared in front of Shibuya Station in Tokyo in 1995.
In recent years, in the broadcasting industry, FCLED large-scale images have been installed outdoors of the new building as the face of the broadcasting station.
And, FCLED large-scale image is also used in racetracks, racetracks, Aichi Expo, etc., and FCLED large-scale video technology is steadily evolving, and the market is expanding.
Therefore, Sn-Zn with low melting point is attracting attention.
This study investigated one of the problems of using Sn-Zn hada in reflow solidering.
In this field, there is a problem of strength deterioration by the reaction of Au plating electrode and Zn.
In this report, the reaction of Au and Zn and the relation between Au plating thickness and bonding strength were investigated.
As a result, the result was obtained, such as 1) the bonding strength decreases when Au plating is thick, and 2) the bonding strength decreases greatly regardless of the plating thickness in the case of wet leave.
This paper explains the fabrication of a two-dimensional arrangement of fine particles.
The observation method of the filling state of fine particles by the optical method is also introduced.
In addition, application research to anti-reflection film, microlens array, mold agent, mask for microfabriding, etc. is also introduced.
In recent printed circuit board mounting, not only miniaturization and narrow pitch of parts but also three-dimensional mounting have been carried out.
In this paper, modular high-speed multifunctional mounting machine "NXT (next)" of Fuji Machine Manufacturing Co., Ltd. corresponding to such a demand is introduced.
In NXT, improvement of 1) improvement of the feeder feeder, 2) improvement of position recognition accuracy, 3) reduction of component mounting load, 4) optimization of descending profile, and 5) reduction of sliding resistance are carried out.
In addition, it corresponds to the three-dimensional implementation of PoP (Package on Package).
In order to support advanced services and functions, improve communication quality and basic performance, and improve competitiveness, DOCOMO Has developed protocol stack software (PSS) for mobile terminals in order to control communication with wireless access network and core network.
In this paper, examples of advanced services and functions made possible by this PSS, and improvement of communication quality and basic performance are described.
That is, regarding advanced services and functions, priority connection processing for emergency calls, audio/video switching processing during communication, and access control independent of line switching/packet exchange are described.
And, on the improvement of communication quality and basic performance, improvement of outgoing/incoming call completion rate and improvement of battery saving performance are described.
This software is becoming a common platform for forma terminals developed by mobile terminal suppliers.
This paper discusses the requirements for network management system under next generation network, and introduces some solutions provided by NEC.
In the future of IP/IMS (IP multimedia subsystem), the telecommunications carrier network will be remarkably changed.
In order to provide useful services on open networks, advanced functions directly related to the decision of telecommunications carrier business management are required for network management.
These include not only maintaining the conventional demand for efficient operation management, but also business management support and customer care service.
This paper examined a generator for portable information equipment to obtain power by vibration of a mobile body.
The efficiency of this vibration generator is based on the relative speed between the coil and the magnet.
A method for obtaining large rotational motion from micro oscillations using self-excitation vibration, which is a nonlinear vibration of a rotating body, was investigated.
Frequency 1-2. Self-excitation rotation and maximum efficiency could be maintained at 5Hz and coil turns 3000-7000.
The power generation was 380 microwatts.
The power generation is 40 times that of the shaking.
In order to lower the operating voltage and stabilize the emission current, an electric field emitter array in which an integrated polySi thin film transistor (TFT) was fabricated.
For field emission silicon control, especially for the reduction of high withstand voltage and off current, the TFT structure was optimized to realize the complete control of the emission current by the built-in TFT.
And, by covering the Si emission tip with hafnium carbide (HfC), the release characteristics and release life could be improved.
And, the operating voltage could be lowered from 50V to 15V.
Stabilization by TFT control is very effective, and 0. The emission fluctuation of 1 was obtained.
In addition, tubeless vacuum sealing was newly developed for display application.
With the digitization of FPU systems, remote control and monitoring of FPU alone and digital peripherals has become very complicated compared with conventional ones.
In order to correspond to the complication, this paper introduces the outline of FPU remote control equipment for NHK which was developed and marketed.
The FPU local operation board installed on the base station side has the function of controlling and monitoring each equipment and transmitting data with the FPU remote operation board on the broadcasting hall side.
The power control board installed on the base station side and the broadcasting hall side has the function of controlling the power supply of up to four transmitters and receivers in one unit.
A superconducting single-phase single-winding transformer with auxiliary windings was fabricated only for the distribution winding.
Since an FRP cylinder was inserted between the series winding and the crossroads winding, it was confirmed that quenching was always caused only by the part winding.
The operation of the transformer at regular times and in the time of system failure was confirmed.
The constant flow to the auxiliary winding is 5. It was about 2% small.
The effect of the equipment constant of the d and q axis rotors on the asynchronous torque characteristics when driven by a horizontal transmission and PWM inverter was investigated.
It was confirmed that it was a useful method to be 1000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
The ratings of the test electric motor are 3 phase, 4 pole, 10HP, 220V, and 60Hz.
Slip‐torque characteristics when the riaktans were changed were shown, and the relation with the Gerges phenomenon was shown.
In the horizontal sinus, horizontal snake or vertical snake was adopted from the cable occupancy space surface, and the snake pitch and width were determined from the actual results.
Horizontal snakes were applied in the inclined sinus, and total length snake fabrics were applied in the vertical sinus.
Install restraint cleats for self-weight gripping
This paper introduces a floor clock which displays a clock by the light gathered using LED as a light source.
This paper describs the composition of floor clock, supply of electricity, cautionary notes in construction, life span of materials and future problems.
This product integrates LED and artificial marble as a new product.
As an application problem, evacuation and guidance display using the floor surface on disaster prevention are given.
In order to improve the starting characteristics of the pumped water motor pump, a variable reaktor start device which can change the power supply voltage to three stages was developed, and the direct input start and comparative experiment were carried out.
Since the voltage can be gradually increased while the electric motor is connected to the power supply, the acceleration characteristics are smooth and the shock at the start is also small.
And, the starting current and starting power can also be reduced compared with the direct input start.
The starting device can be started as an unywayed circuit.
Six superconducting wire without stabilized copper and 7m twisted wire of one CuNi center wire were wound in one layer to prototype a limited flower.
A multi-transformer was combined to constitute an energization circuit of a large current sudden short circuit current, and the limited flow operation was experimentally investigated.
As the current rate increased, the limit flow starting current value increased.
The progress of the flow of the current between the main lines in the limited current winding before and after quench was also examined.
One of the most difficult technical problems in the production of 3D computers is electrical connection in the lamination (Z) direction.
On the other hand, the distance between wafers cannot be shortened because of the need for cooling.
As a result, the length/diameter ratio of the Z wiring conductor increases, and it becomes difficult to maintain stability in the conductor formation.
In this study, we observed the formation process using a single handa bridge as a basic model[1994]. 3］
The titled equipment consists of facilities such as flue gas desulfurization, waste desulfury, total drainage, ash treatment, fried coal, and bay receiving of coal.
An integrated system of these control devices has been introduced.
The integrated system can obtain information of all facilities with one unit, and it is possible to comprehensively manage abnormalities of facilities, and the burden of management can be reduced, and the cost is reduced.
Power supply directly ac100, DC100 to critical control devices
A prototype of high-resolution see-through color HMD was carried out, and a product used for research on artificial reality was developed.
Not only was it used as a goggle function, but it also had a see-through function.
This paper described features such as this see-through function, display image, adjustment mechanism, and consideration points in design.
Specifications, performance, resolution, etc. are also introduced.
This paper outlines the titled white paper which is announced annually by the Ministry of Posts and Telecommunications, and this is the 23rd time.
First, this paper outlines the present state of information communication and trends of information and communication policy, and analyzes economic analysis on information communication and trends in 10 years after telecommunication liberalization in 1985.
And, &a0;multimediaization and transformation of the information and communication market&a;, and present trends are introduced from three aspects of government, user, and information communication industry, as 10 years have passed since the introduction of the competitive principle to the information and communication market, and the information and communication market is facing a major turning point.
In addition, the information and communication market in the U.S. was taken up as an example and analyzed, and finally, the problem for the reform of the information and communication market in Japan and the information and communication policy contributing to it were clarified.
This paper introduces the integrated work of exhaust equipment which had three systems in the conventional semiconductor factory.
The main objectives are to respond to the expansion of production facilities and to improve the utilization rate of existing facilities.
After integration, only the exhaust of the epi-growth device flows directly through the HCl scrubber, and the others into the newly established suction chamber.
The final epi-system scrubber releases the exhaust into the atmosphere.
The concentration is less than 2ppm detection limit and meets environmental standards.
This text is an explanation article of the titled problem.
In this paper, the definition of terms such as ESD (electrostatic discharge) is first explained.
Next, ic destruction and static path are classified, and it is shown in the table that 35kV of 60kV of charge occurs in the human body.
As countermeasures, conductive table mats, floor mats, and wrist straps are mentioned, and the capacitance of the human body is also shown in the table.
On the wrist strap actually weared by the worker, the time change of the electrostatic voltage is shown in the graph.
This&a0; is described for its properties and application as a heat sink for diamonds.
Thermal conductivity, thermal expansion and electrical properties of diamonds are shown in comparison with materials outside them.
For heat sink, high purity diamond synthesis is necessary, and gas phase diamond is suitable considering low cost in large area.
This paper outlines the present state and future of diamonds as heat sinks for optical communication and devices.
The titled amplifier developed as a part of the 70th anniversary of lax founding was highly evaluated in famous audio magazines, including the gold prize of the Best Stereo Compo Grand Prix of radio technology magazine.
This paper explains the planning intention of this machine and the history until it was decided to 500W/8Ω specification by BTL system.
This paper explains the merits of balance transmission, input circuit and attenuator, and explains the features of twin hybrid diamond buffer circuit with the first stage as FET.
In addition, this paper explains the mechanism of multiple current feedback called balance amplification circuit named balanced CSSC (complementary single staga circuit) which drives the speaker btl, and ODβ (optimization dual NFB) applied to the balance CSSC.
This paper mentions adoption of custom parts such as copper foil stylor capacitors with copper tubes, high-installer power supply, power supply system of BTL output stage, etc.
This document explains the drilling of the neck manufacturing technology.
This paper explains the features such as system outline and processing accuracy of excimer laser, carbon dioxide laser, and Nd:YAG laser.
This paper discusses shape, process, quality, application case and problems of build-up via with moderate taper by laser.
This paper introduces chemical etching methods such as drilling, alkali, acid, etc. by light using photosynched resin.
A first heat dissipation plate is provided on one side of the chip, and a second heat dissipation plate is provided on the other surface.
The second heat dissipation plate joins to the mold on the chip surface side.
The bonding is done by crimping when cutting the outer lead of the frame.
As a result, the ware of the package can be prevented without increasing the number of assembly processes, and the heat dissipation effect can be increased.
A new form of image sensor is proposed in which correlation detectors between incident light and electrical signals are arranged in two dimensions.
The features of this structure are 1) a photodiode detector that converts incident photons into photocurrent (multiplier), 2) an external electrical signal input (multiplier) common to all pixels, 3) a current mode multiplier that generates the product of a photocurrent and an electrical signal, 4) a capacitor that accumulates correlation results by accumulating a product current, and 5) a CCD or MOS switch circuit that scans correlation results as a normal video signal.
Several possible structures and circuits were proposed and verified.
And, the application of this sensor was examined.
This paper explains the titled technology using PDP, paying attention to the possibility to the large screen wall-mounted television.
The memory function of PDP, which is a basic premise for tv display, is first explained.
Next, as a television display method, the principle of display and DC type and AC type display system are explained.
In addition, after explaining from the angle of the display system, the motion image deterioration and its countermeasures are also explained.
This paper described an evaluation device of input sudden change characteristics of on-board power supply for communication such as DC-DC converter mounted on the electronic circuit board of communication rack housing.
An input sudden change characteristic evaluation device which simulates the voltage fluctuation generated when a fuse is inserted is composed.
The actual input sudden change voltage waveform was made into a database, and it was output to the DC amplifier through the DA converter, and the input sudden change of the arbitrary waveform was made possible.
As a result of the operation confirmation by applied the sine wave half period to the onboard power supply, it was confirmed that the operation as target was obtained.
A high-speed vacuum circuit breaker has been developed to reduce the duration of instantaneous voltage drop generated for the removal of short-circuit accident points in power systems to one cycle.
It is a vacuum circuit breaker incorporating a high-speed shut-off mechanism by an electromagnetic repulsion coil and a pulling coil on the vacuum valve operation shaft.
The detection time was 4ms.
In the analysis, the lowering accident of 60% of the main line voltage was recovered to 96%.
This paper introduces the titled crystal product developed by Kinseki Co., Ltd.
This paper explains the development background of the new product CX-16F from the standardization of the shape and cost surface specifications.
This product is a small, thin, and low-cost product of the surface mount lee dress type, and the external dimensions and internal structure are shown.
This paper mentions the decision of the standard frequency of this product, load capacity, and reflossoldaling conditions.
The semi-stable RZ nonlinear pulse propagating through a transmission line alternately connected to optical fibers with positive and negative group velocity dispersions is called distributed managed solitons, dispersed aroqueto solitons, stretch pulses, etc.
These nonlinear pulses may have better transmission characteristics than possible optical solitons in fibers with uniform over-dispersivity in the transmission direction.
The characteristics of stretch pulses in transmission routes in which the sign of group velocity dispersion is periodically reversed are clarified, and the long-distance propagation characteristics of stretch pulses in more practical transmission routes are clarified for numerical simulations.
The analysis was carried out using a transmission line in which abnormally dispersed fiber and normal distributed fiber were alternately connected to the same length as a model.
This paper introduces the outline of digital satellite broadcasting technology, and outlines the present state of digital satellite broadcasting in various foreign countries.
In the technology of digital satellite broadcasting, encoding of information for information compression, multiplexing of services, method of satellite transmission, limited reception such as scramble, and service information are explained.
By these technologies, multi-channel broadcasting, viewing contract of paid broadcasting, classification of program list, transmission of communication mail for everyone and individual, viewer participation program by bidirectional function, etc. become possible.
Eurocopter EC120B is a 5-seater light single-engine turbine helicopter jointly developed by three companies in France, Germany and China.
The engine is an Arrius2F turboshaft engine manufactured by Turbo-Mecha Co., Ltd. (France).
In this paper, the outline of this engine is introduced by the following paragraph.
1) General (free turbine system, 376kW/504shp/6000rpm, 103kg, reduction gearbox, gas generator, power turbine, exhaust pipe), 2) structure (reduction gearbox, gas generator), 3) oil system, 4) air system, 5) fuel system, 6) control system, 7) injection system, 8) engine mount.
The shipment of gasoline engine is 6173,000 units, which is almost the same as the previous year.
The share of private, OEM, and non-consolidated exports is 38.00 yen, respectively. 0％，37． 7% and 23. 2%.
In the quantity, the export is almost the same as the previous year, but the export is growing, and the private use and OEM via are decreasing.
In addition, shipments of gasoline engines to the agriculture, forestry and fishery machinery sector were 54.54 million units. 3% share
In cooling by temperature control, cold draft is easy to be born, and cooling oyndrome such as heat shock in and out is a problem.
This can be avoided if the temperature setting is higher than before.
As a method to compensate for the comfort impaired by high temperature setting, it is to control and use thermal environment elements other than temperature.
That is, three methods of cooling the radiation panel, active u-use of the air flow, and reduction of humidity are considered.
This paper reports on the subject experiment conducted in the summer of 1991 and 1992 by changing the humidity setting.
Aldehydes in automobile emissions were analyzed by HPLC (high-speed liquid chromatography) method using acetonitrile solution dissolved in DNPH (2,4-dinitropenylhydrazin).
Here, reproducibility, metering line, detection limit, change over time, etc. are introduced.
The result is a relative standard deviation of 0. 3〜0． Reproducibility of 9% (10 repetition analyses), calibration line with correlation coefficient 1 (test of standard materials with 6 acetonitrile dilution solutions), 0. High accuracy such as formaldehyde detection limit of 0018μg/mL was obtained.
And, since the change over time was not observed in the standard material, the change over time was observed in the exhaust gas, so the analysis after sampling should be carried out promptly.
Ar (Activated Radial) combustion engine is an engine which improved the conventional combustion by using activated free group.
AR combustion technology is a combustion technology which actively utilizes the self-firing phenomenon.
The self-igniting timing is controlled by a control valve provided in the exhaust port.
The tough-up tube is a new structure tire tube for two-wheeled vehicles with excellent puncture prevention ability.
The tube has a double structure of the air chamber and the liquid chamber, and the puncture prevention liquid is encapsulated in the liquid chamber in the manufacturing stage.
The liquid chamber and the air chamber are independent of each other, and the liquid chamber covers the range on the ground side of the tire.
Experiments using ultra-small cutting equipment and cutting simulations using atomic models are reported.
The cutting experiment was carried out with a device with an air and oil electrostatic spindle using a diamond tool.
In the ultra-small cutting simulation, the mohs potential and nominal cut thickness between atoms are described, and the analysis results are illustrated.
In conclusion, cutting edge wear is > copper, and the minimum cutting thickness is al: copper.
In the result of test drive on the titled motorcycle, the rotation in the low speed range was stable because the low speed torque was large, and the acceleration feeling in the high rotation range was also excellent.
The straight-ahead stability when driving on the highway was solid.
Cornering was a smooth, reliable and stable sensation.
The fuel consumption rate for the entire test course was 18. At 7km/l, it was equivalent to a multi-cylinder water-cooled engine of the same class.
The main examples are also shown.
Since the in-appearance wheel lathe is more efficient than the conventional in-appearance wheel milling machine, the main purpose was to shift from the post-machining to the planned sharpening center.
This lathe has a DDS (Digital Data System) device that stores data on the profile and wheel shape of the wheel.
These data can be analyzed by personal computer if converted by conversion program.
This is to discuss the analysis results of urawa train district.
The 5-axis control machining center is effective for machining molds, impellers, and various blades with complex three-dimensional curved surfaces.
First, the difference between 3-axis machining and 5-axis machining was clarified, and the problem of 3-axis machining was pointed out.
It is shown that the problem can be solved by making it to 5-axis machining, and the machining efficiency can be increased.
This report explains that the point of using a 5-axis processing machine well is a good use of postprocessors and interference check systems.
Titled 900SE2. The 0 turbo is equipped with a high pressure or low pressure turbo.
The power performance in the case of the high pressure turbo is up and down of winding, and the body of the long wheelbase is run lightly.
There is a feeling of tenacity of the suspension along with the direct feeling of power steering.
In other words, sharp maneuverability and viscosity are well matched.
The low-speed characteristics of low-pressure turbo engines are effective for urban driving.
This machine was built for deep sea observation and research up to the deepest part of the ocean at 11,000m.
In March, 1995, it reached the deepest part of the Mariana Trench at 10,911m, and the initial performance was demonstrated.
Towing investigation and self-sea remancing investigation are possible, and it has features such as TV camera photography, work by manipulator, acoustic positioning, etc.
This paper introduces the system, launcher configuration, control device, cable structure, etc. of this machine.
For the apparatus which performs dry pulverization and class of fine powder particles using air jet, the flow characteristics and features of the equipment are outlined.
The pulverized machine of the object is called a jet mill, and it is blown tangentially from a number of nozzles in the outer circumference of the cylindrical container, and the particles are accelerated by a high-speed jet, and pulverized by collision between particles and wall collision of particles.
There is also a mill with a separate impact plate to increase the impact force.
Class sizers using jets include virtual compactors, elbow jets, etc., and can handle particles with simple structure, large amounts, and strong adhesion.
This report summarizes the trend of cameras and lenses released in 1996.
However, the features of APS are not yet sufficient from the sense material side, and it is expected to expand trend in the future.
On the lens, the popularization of the high magnification AF zoom lens was conspicuous.
Camera design and compactness are still in progress
The head-mounted display (HMD), which is a visual image presentation device, can be viewed in three-dimensional view.
This paper proposes a line-of-sight HMD concept consisting of a display for wide field images, a display for high-resolution images, a gaze detection sensor, and a display position controller.
A system was fabricated to materialize a line-of-sight HMD.
The optical system is shown.
An evaluation experiment on the presentation of high-resolution images was carried out.
Reduction of noise in railway vehicles is taken up as a problem.
The titled structure reduces the radiant sound of the floorboards with sound absorption effect in the floor receiving, elastic support of the floorboards with special anti-vibration rubber, and reduction of vibration transmission to the floorboards.
The policy of the development of this structure is that the material is non-fuelable and there is no weight addition, and low cost, etc.
In addition, it was assumed that the component including the conventional floor duct could be installed.
In the drill processing of stainless steel, especially, the swarf treatment often causes the trouble.
This paper introduces the cutting performance of "magic drill", which is a slow auei drill of Kyocera, and breaker developed for stainless steel attached to it.
This drill has a shape in which the outer blade and the inner blade are arranged in the same chip by two corner.
This paper explains actual machining examples and cutting conditions, including swarf treatment.
Active stability control and electric power steering developed by Delphi Automotive, a subsidiary of GM, will be introduced.
This is a system for electronic control of everything.
In the former, there are 2 and 4 channel systems, and it is a system which controls the braking force in the front 2 wheels and 4 wheels, respectively, by monitoring the movement of the front 2 wheels and 4 wheels, respectively.
As a result of test drive of both systems with actual vehicles, good driving performance and loss were experienced.
In fine data, a path that utilizes the high-speed rotation of the air-quiet spindle and the goodness of the swing accuracy is made.
This paper described the experience and achievement of this company on high speed milling and CAM system.
The materials to be machined are mainly steel materials, and there are various aluminum, copper alloys, wood, resins, etc. of nonferrous metals.
And, these materials are 0.00 Using tools of 1〜6mm diameter, it is explained that proper cutting conditions and toolpaths are studied.
Since SLR viewfinder observes images directly on the photographing lens, it can be observed as a positive and positive image, and has excellent functions such as no parasynity on the photographing screen.
This paper explains various (field of view, eye point, visibness, magnification) which show the structure and specifications of the optical system.
This paper explains the mechanism and action of each part which composes the optical system such as movable mirror, focusing screen, Fresnel lens, matte surface, pentaprism, etc.
The visuality correction mechanism and the gaze detection and exchange viewfinder are also mentioned.
This is to mention the operation of the homepage of the architectural firm.
You may use a blog for the operation to make the homepage function well as a sales tool.
It impresses with the name of the blog, invites access by updating without all, and directs it to the homepage.
In the contents of the blog, the current topic should always be prepared, and the completion photograph should be good quality.
You can also have multiple blogs.
This is to introduce the security card renewal work of Hokukuni Shimbun.
The security card of the past security system was updated to the high-function IC card system so that it can be used in other systems (employee cafeteria system).
The card information built in the IC chip is read into the contactless card reader, and the predetermined registration information is referred to, and the unlocking of the electric lock and the mailbox door is carried out.
The IC card is a hybrid type of contact and non-contact sharing using MIFARE (Philips development).
The Union of Myanmar is about 1.5 miles from Japan. It is a multieththm nation composed of 135 peoples, with a population of about 52 million people living in a land area 8 times.
About 70% of the people of Burma make up the race, and most of the people are Buddhists.
This paper introduces the history of port development and the present situation of Outports, the development, location, containerization and recent situation of Yangon Port.
Myanmar, along with its own country, is lagging in the market economy compared with Laos, Cambodiaa, and Vietnam, which are said to be the four least asean countries, and the GDP per capita is only 180 dollars, but since the flatlands are 70% and natural resources are also extremely inexpensive, it is expected to develop remarkably if political problems are solved.
Disaster prevention measures of clean room are introduced.
In the fire countermeasure of the clean room, there are many semiconductor factories which do not install sprinklers even if fire alarms are installed.
This is because when sprinklers are operated, production facilities are flooded and shutdowns are made.
On the other hand, there is a system to detect fire before the situation becomes serious.
The "ultra-sensitive smoke detection system" installed in the return area of a clean room is about 2,000 times more sensitive than a general fire alarm.
On the other hand, in earthquake countermeasures, original technologies such as "multilayer floor seismic isolation factory" of Kashima Construction, "MiC seismic isolation system" of Taisei Construction, and "biscus seismic isolation" of Takenaka Corporation are provided.
As the aging of road bridge stock progresses, support technology for developing prediction technology of inspection, diagnosis, and deterioration of bridges, and efficiently and systematically maintaining and managing bridges by utilizing these technologies, is required.
In fiscal 2004, the damage degree of the member was predicted based on the bridge periodic inspection data until the previous fiscal year, and the calculation program which can calculate the future repair cost on a yearly basis according to the scenario of repair reinforcement was made.
And, using the bridge inspection data in the direct control national highway office, the future transition of the repair cost when the scenario of the repair reinforcement countermeasure was given was estimated, and the influence of various conditions and factors on the future forecast was examined.
And, for the welding fitting of the steel I girder bridge, the outline evaluation method of fatigue durability was also examined based on traffic and structural conditions for each bridge.
The titled method first press-in one pipe horizontally to support the existing traffic road surface, and receives both ends on a trestle composed of RC foundation piles and beams.
Next, a new structure is constructed by drilling under the road surface.
In the pipe lower end and the upper floor plate, the concrete member of the upper floor plate and the side wall is jacked up with the jack on the lower floor plate concrete.
The response of unjoined granular pavement with a thin seal coat surface layer to the volume change of the roadbed was studied.
Swelling and contraction of the roadbed by monotony drying and wet repetition were considered.
In numerical analysis, the thermal similarity law treated as free swelling and shrinkage is similar to isthodic heat expansion and contraction was adopted.
As a result of the analysis, it was found that this numerical analysis method can explain the response of pavements that are affected by volume changes in the roadbed well[1995]. 2］
This paper reports a memo from the viewpoint of interior and furniture, which was left in the impression when the hospital training in southern Europe and the Netherlands was carried out by participating in the 14th overseas hospital building inspection group.
The large use of stone is conspicuous and expensive marble is used in plenty, and the unevenness of the surface created by the sculpture creates a richer space.
A variety of paints decorate it gorgeously.
The material of the furniture is rich in shape and color by using resin and metal.
The dam in the title is Tsutsumi High 21. 7m, Top length 85. It is a concrete gravity type of 5m, and it is for flood control, running water function maintenance, and multipurpose use of water supply.
The water retractable facility adopted a porous branch release type.
Concrete construction of embankment and reducing work was carried out by 100t crawler crane.
In the consolidating grout, good results were obtained by adopting ultrafine particle cement.
This paper introduces the approach to the title new line materialization with the episode related to the patent procedure.
It is called a patent that the country exclusively gives the management right of the transportation business to the iron track business operator.
This paper explains the history of the patent acquisition consultation with the route extension of osaka monorail in order of advance consultation, application to transportation council, and further to patent.
The titled monorail was completed in January 1995 when the first section started construction, and the second phase was filed for patent in January 1995.
In recent years, toilets have been recognized as multipurpose spaces.
In the future building equipment plan, consciousness for the toilet and its u use behavior were arranged, and the relation between each was examined.
In this paper, the aggregate results of questionnaires for students were compared with general adults.
The survey items were carried out in 8 groups, such as distance to toilet, allowable waiting time, waiting time action, preferred toilet form, and request.
As a constant equation of the titled design, a fixed formula in which multiple natural vibration mode forms are homologas vibration mode type is presented.
An example of homology design for the socological modes from low to secondary is shown.
The time history analysis was carried out by giving excitation force to the structure obtained by the design.
It was found that the oscillation type close to the target homologas oscillation mode type was presented.
In the implementation of the new yamamura promotion measures from 1991 fiscal year, the investigation to promote concrete policy and related business smoothly is carried out.
As part of this effort, we conducted a survey to support regional revitalization by highly utilizing resources such as nature and agricultural, forestry and fishery products in the region.
Here, a precise investigation by experts was carried out for Nido City, Iwate Prefecture.
The survey was conducted on "exchange programs utilizing local resources, high added value of regional specialties, and measures to settle young people" [1996. 3］
This is an interim report of the regional promotion plan formulation survey commissioned by the Agency for Natural Resources and Energy of the Ministry of International Trade and Industry by the Chubu Industrial Revitalization Center.
With National Route 361 connecting Inagaya and Kiso valley approved as a high standard road, measures for regional development aimed at expanding the exchange zone and promoting and creating regional industries were examined.
Three towns and eight villages in Kiso-gun, Nagano Prefecture were surveyed as the target areas of the survey.
Its contents are 1) outline and background of the wide area, 2) basic issues of the wide area: general (promotion of settlement and maintenance of vitality - basic issues of the region, improvement of social capital to support settlement and exchange, reconstruction of local economy, reconstruction of autonomy and new 3) Issues in the Kiso metropolitan area: Each theory (population problem, industrial problem, living environment, road development impact), 4) direction of Kiso wide area promotion plan, consisting of [1996. 3］
SBS (sick building syndrome) is introduced with explanation.
This began to become a problem starting from the residents of so-called energy-saving buildings in Europe and The United States from the 1980s, and complaints such as dizziness, nausea, headache and balance interval atath, pain in the nose and throat and feeling of upset occurred frequently.
In Japan, the word &agg from &agg to build a new disease began to be heard, and the concentration of volatile chemical substances, dust, carbon dioxide, etc. was investigated in relation to the improvement of the indoor environment, especially the airtightness and the lack of ventilation volume.
This paper mentions investigation/analysis of symptoms and actual experiments on indoor environment of high airtight houses.
The Ministry of Economy, Trade and University will scale up these model projects in fiscal 2006 and make them full-fledged, while at the same time supporting local governments working to promote international resource recycling.
On the other hand, the Ministry of the Environment is examining the guideline making to identify used goods and measures to secure traceability, etc., since the situation of importing and exporting waste containing harmful substances under the false claim as &a &amp; "used article&a;s" continues.
And, when the prevention of environmental pollution is secured, &a&a;s facilitation of import and export of circulating resources&a;, and &a view is also made to construct &a &amp; common database of hazardous wastes in Asia.
This paper reports the efforts of the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry and the Ministry of the Environment aiming at the optimization of resource circulation in The Asian region.
Let's take a look at the swell of global environmental research.
I was appointed research management officer at the Center for Global Environmental Research.
A report on the results of a questionnaire survey on the 2nd Global Environmental Researchers Exchange Conference.
Global Environmental Research Center Activity Report[1992. 2］
This paper examined the odor measurement method of lower concentration than cannot be measured by the conventional sensory test method, and the background is also described.
The basis of the measurement method is concentration of general environmental odor, and the concentration is measured by the current three-point comparative odor bag method.
Odor measurement of the general environment was carried out by this method.
This method is expected to be applied to the creation of odor concentration map, application to odor environment assessment, and application to odor environment target value setting.
The actual condition of the oil pollution accident and the countermeasure were taken up centering on the tanker accident.
In 1992, the world's crude oil was transported by sea at 1.3 billion t, and japan's crude oil imports were 210 million t.
Recent oil pollution accident by the main tanker is introduced.
This report explains similarity of international and Japanese efforts to tanker accidents.
Macomo was cultivated in the laboratory and water quality change in the rhosphere was measured.
The time change of NH4-N concentration in rhisphere pore water was measured at different positions, and the N cumulative removal amount during the experimental period was decided.
The cumulative removal amount is larger in the periphery of the rhosphere than in the center.
In the periphery, the development of root hair was remarkable, and it was considered mainly due to absorption + nitrification of plants.
From the growth amount and component measurement of macomo, the nitrification amount was estimated to be about 7070 of the absorption amount.
This paper describs the transition of the life wastewater treatment technology and the pollution substance characteristics of the living wastewater.
This paper explains the principle of water treatment by the phase transition of the pollutant, the size of the pollutant and the water treatment.
Classification and kind of biological treatment method are classified by reaction form of bacteria, classification by retention form of microorganisms, and type of biological treatment method.
Wastewater treatment reflects the progress of technology based on treatment technology and treatment principle and social needs by the times.
This paper writes the technology developed by Tokyo Metropolitan Industrial Technology Center to detoxification of trichloroethylene (TCE) during silent discharge.
The used TCE is introduced into the reaction tank during the generation of silent discharge with air, and TCE is decomposed into carbon dioxide and hydrogen chloride by the action of the discharge and ozone generated therein.
This paper described the generation amount of ozone and the effect by discharge in nitrogen.
Concentrations of TCE 260,600 and 1. At 70,000 ppm, the decomposition rates were 100,99 and 72% under specific conditions.
The ozone/TCE molar ratio was 8.00% for complete decomposition. Requires more than 5
In order to reduce the amount of CO2 released by incineration treatment of waste, a new incineration method for fixing a part of carbon in waste by division of the incineration process into high temperature pyrolysis and complete combustion of gas phase products is proposed.
Since the apparent thermal conductivity of waste is generally small, microwave was used for auxiliary heating.
A small experimental furnace consisting of a pyrolysis vessel, a secondary combustion chamber, a microwave introduction part, and a gas heating device was produced, and paper waste was experimented as a sample.
More than 50% of the carbon contained was fixed, and the result that co2 emission suppression was possible even if the power of the microwave used for heating the sample and the CO2 emitted by the city gas were deducted.
The atmospheric monitor system which combined four kinds of semiconductor gas sensor elements was improved to a portable type.
The semiconductor gas sensor used is a sensor having selectivity in hydrogen sulfide, sulfur compound, ammonia and general flammable gas, respectively.
It was confirmed that each sensor responded almost linearly in the range of 20〜90%RH, and the correction for humidity was carried out.
A metering line of this system was made for the dilution degree of odor gas by clean air.
The stench measurement was carried out in the facility which dealt with the organic solvent, and the practicality of this system was proven.
Molten stoneization of sewage sludge is a series of techniques to reform sewage sludge slag into crystalline.
In the molten stone materialization, there are "ash molten stoneization" which is made from incinerated ash to stoned product and "cake molten stoneization" which is made directly from dehydrated cake as a product.
The format of the melting furnace of both is different, and the flow sheets of both processes are shown by comparison.
There are three kinds of stoned products, sand, gravel, and block, and there are various civil engineering applications.
The petrified product has physicochemical properties equal to or better than natural stone, and the luster by polishing is the same as granite.
This paper explains the title consciousness survey result of more than 14,000 stores.
The features were the decrease of the profit by the intensification of the competition, the decrease of the income by the entry of the large refueling station, the expansion of the profit outside the oil, and the review of the sales price.
The questionnaire result of 16 items of management improvement measures of the gas station is shown by the percentage.
And, this paper explains the report of the Ministry of International Trade and Industry and the Agency for Natural Resources and Energy on the supply of petroleum products, based on "freedom of choice" and "clarification of trading conditions" between business operators.
For the leisure flight, the aircraft was taking off from runway 14 of The Honda Airport in Okagawa City to the left.
The aircraft chief immediately tried to correct the aircraft in the runway direction, but it was not university in time, and without being able to rise, the left main leg came into contact with the left runway light, and it sat in the field of the riverbed of about 500 U.S. in the extension direction from the runway end, and it was wrecked.
There were no casualties on board the aircraft, al than the aircraft chief and one passenger.
The cause is presumed to be due to improper operation of the chief.
This paper explains the progress of takeoff, damage of aircraft, aircraft, weather, tests and research for recognizing facts, etc.
The prc can automate the business such as signal handling, but the input of diamond data is required for the computer.
Then, in the future PRC system construction, realization of the function to improve the efficiency of the titled business becomes a problem.
Here, the pattern of the titled work realized in JR Tokai is reported.
In the PRC system which remotely controls the traffic light, the diamond data is input directly from the operation plan data system, and the data such as replacement and construction are replenished input to improve efficiency.
There are various forms of natural gas, such as dissolution in crude oil and independent gas deposits, but the development and production technology is one with crude oil.
Recently, natural gas called unconventional type has also been developed, but it is not necessary to distinguish this from conventional type technically.
On the other hand, pipeline transportation and underground storage can be said to enter the category of development and production technology in a broad way.
This paper explains horizontal well drilling technology, natural gas production technology, transportation and storage.
Regarding hydrogen absorption, the scope of application became clear by the creation of an appropriate anti-food potential diagram.
Subsequently, the development of sacrificed anodes was succeeded, and safety was improved.
The titled material which has the same high temperature characteristics as SCH21 and can obtain cost reduction was developed.
This paper reports the influence and material properties of additive elements on high temperature characteristics obtained in the development process.
From the experimental results, the relationship between oxidation resistance and Cr amount is shown as an example of the effect of additive elements on high temperature characteristics.
And, the influence of each component on the high temperature tension strength is also mentioned, and the component composition of the development material is introduced.
In addition, it is shown that the high temperature tension strength of the developed material has the same characteristics compared with SCH21.
When drilling of thin plates is carried out by ultra-high pressure gas, the breaking cross section is good, and there is a feature that no backrest occurs.
For this practicality evaluation, it was examined whether the plate thickness of the laminate of the coated metal affected the drilling mechanism, dimensional accuracy, and gas pressure.
As a result, the plate thickness was 0. At more than 6mm, a backring was born.
Dimensional accuracy and whose width were constant regardless of pressure, and the accuracy decreased in inverse proportion to the plate thickness and inversely proportional to the hole diameter [1995. 1］
The method of changing the inter-run plate thickness in the hot rolled finishing mill is carried out by sequentially changing the underpressure position and speed of each stand so that the mass flow balance is not disturbed.
In order to verify the possibility of inter-run plate thickness change, a technique to suppress mass flow fluctuation was taken, verification by simulator was carried out, a test system was constructed, and actual machine test was carried out.
As a result, it became possible to change the plate thickness of 400μm within 1s.
This paper described the result of the inter-running plate thickness change system and the actual machine test.
Conventionally, active noise control has restrictions on application due to the delay time of the processing system, but the delay time can be shortened by that much if the prediction of noise can be made by using the properties of the noise source.
In this paper, the press which repeatedly generated the noise of the same feature pattern was taken up, and the silence simulation by three kinds of noise prediction system was carried out.
In the AR model, the dissipating volume of 20db was obtained by the prediction in one step.
And, the prediction method of more than 2 steps is shown, and the step increase of the prediction and the change of the prediction accuracy are shown by the dissipating volume.
Usually, two steps of bonding are required after forming a sintered body, but if energized sintering is applied, there is a possibility that sintering and bonding can be achieved at the same time.
Then, the simultaneous sintering bonding of the sintered body to the molten member by energizing sintering was examined.
Melting of the base material at the junction significantly improves the bonding strength.
Even if the thermal conductivity is high, it is clarified that in materials with low melting point such as aluminum alloy, melting is formed at the junction, and high bonding strength can be obtained by penetrating the sintered body.
A method of pushing rubber and tube axially together with a pair of cylinders on the left and right sides, and a method of pushing rubber and tube in the axial direction separately with two cylinders on the left and right were adopted.
The effect of these methods on the molding of branch pipes was investigated.
Based on the experimental results, a device that can maintain a constant rubber internal pressure was prototyped and experimented.
As a result, it became possible to increase the branch tube height if the rubber internal pressure was properly set and controlled.
As a simple estimation method of residual stress of welding member, a method for identifying residual stress distribution from a small number of measured residual stress values is proposed.
After the nondestruction stress measurement method by X-ray, the sample is cut and the stress distribution is estimated from the change data of the strain gauge at a specific point.
Residual stress on the welding line which is difficult to measure by the X-ray method can be identified using strain gauge measurement values away from the welding line.
In the experiment of sus316 stainless steel butt welding fittings, it was verified.
In order to control the peritonal shear deformation of the tube material in mannesman perforation rolling, the plastic deformation when the plug is forcibly rotated and the circumference direction speed of the plug surface is increased was examined using plastin.
As a result, the shear deformation in the circumference direction decreases when the rotational speed is increased than when the plug is subservially rotated by frictional force.
However, if the rotational speed is too large, the reverse deformation occurs.
It was found that the optimum rotation speed existed.
And, the material was easy to extend in the circumference direction, and the outer diameter increased.
The formability of spline rolling of cup-like materials was analyzed using general-purpose analysis software ABAQUS, and the effect of external tool tooth shape shape on the deformation of the product was examined.
In the rolling analysis model, coulomb friction acted between the material and the tool, and the rotation direction of the inner tool and the outer tool was constant in the opposite direction.
Experimental results show that this rolling simulation model reproduces the deformation state.
And, it was effective in the formability to increase the outer tool outer diameter and to increase the tooth cutting.
With the progress of personal computers and digital technology, electronic photography processes are widely applied not only to analog copiers, but also to laser printers and facsimile.
And, the colorization has advanced with very power in recent years, alcause monochrome has been the mainstream up to now.
In addition, since the advancement and expansion into the POD (Print on Demand) field have become one of the targets recently, further high image quality and high speed with a view to the printing area are required.
In this paper, after first overviewing the electro photography process and toner, the present state of research and development, future problems, direction, etc. are considered, focusing on CCA, which greatly affects the charged characteristics, which is one of the most important characteristics of toner.
The cause of combustion failure in heavy oil combustion boilers is described.
Harmful substances contained in heavy oil cause damage.
The residual carbon becomes a hard precipitate when heated, and it becomes the cause of the clogging of the strainer and the barna chip.
Sulfur content causes sulfuric acid corrosion in low temperature areas such as carbon-saving equipment and air preheaters.
The ash is softened and melted and adheres to the high temperature part, causing corrosion.
Vanadium, in particular, creates low melting point compounds when alkali metals and sulfur are present, and significantly corrodes metals.
The titled software which optimizes the operation conditions using manufacturing equipment such as chemistry, medicine, food, steel making, metal, ceramics, etc. was developed.
Statistical experimental planning method, evolutionary optimization method, experience modeling method, linear and nonlinear regression, data futting by stair regression and internal and external insertion, response surface method, etc. were used as basic technologies.
This software is inexpensive, simple, and quick.
In the use, it is carried out in order of setting of the purpose, data collection, selection of data, decision of correlation formula, creation of the ethnity diagram, operation under optimum operation conditions, and confirmation of the effect.
It can be carried out on Windows-compatible personal computers with CPU over 133MHz and memory of 32MB or more, and the result is often in 2〜3 hours.
This paper introduces the recovery and reuse system of DMSO (dimethyl suulkhoxide) containing wastewater generated in the manufacturing process of liquid crystal display.
A biomembration treatment method has been developed in which the titled wastewater below the analysis limit by pressing odors with a TOC concentration of several hundred mg/liter can be treated.
The result by the pilot plant could be treated to the reusable level as raw water of the pure water equipment.
The recovered water can be used as raw water, and the installation of the deodorizer is not necessary, and the odor strength 2. Operation was possible below 5.
The fluorocarbon used for foam polyurethane foam (PUF) will be used completely abolished in the future, and alternative CFOn will be used.
Be careful because there is a combustible one in the substitute fluorocarbon.
The can of foamed PUF may rupture at a temperature of more than 40°C, and the one of the rubber valve is deteriorated and gas is easy to leak.
It is necessary to confirm safety so as not to cause a fire accident due to sparks during construction.
This paper explains knife preparation for cutoff of corgueta and suture knife preparation of the box machine.
In the operation speed adjustment of the hydraulic and pneumatic cylinders, the adjustment method is explained by illustrating the structure of the flow control valve.
The protective equipment of the machine illustrated the structure of torque limiter, torque lerisa, stopper, hydraulic relief valve, etc.
Since adjustment is not particularly difficult, it is important to get yourself.
This paper described features of fuel cell power generation, research and development situation, intermediate evaluation of molten carbonate type fuel cell, and ideal way of future research and development.
Fuel cells are expected as a new power generation system that can solve sustainable growth of economy, stable supply of energy, and environmental conservation in a balanced and simultaneous way.
The alkali type and phosphate type have finished research and development.
Molten carbonate type has reached the stage of promoting the development of a 1,000kW class power generation system
A major Japanese detergent manufacturer has converted its surfactant from anion LAS to nonion POER.
However, THERE is a problem that the lethal toxicity to freshwater fish is comparatively strong in POER.
Therefore, for the purpose of reducing the lethal toxicity of POER compound detergent, the lethal toxicity experiment of Himedaca was tried under conditions close to actual washing.
As a result, if POOR and anionic AS were blended in a well-balanced quantity, fish toxicity could be weakened without reducing the cleaning power.
Based on the results of this experiment, Eucorp developed and launched a new detergent "Escot" containing POER and AS.
This paper evaluates the ceramic for high frequency insulation as the titled ceramic.
Alumina, stearite, and forsterite were evaluated, and the results of the low loss study carried out in the fine ceramic center were reported.
This is to introduce an electrical evaluation of ceramics for high frequency insulation and a dielectric resynthor that can measure low dielectric loss in the microwave band.
This report outlines the development of low-loss forsterite porcelain.
As an evaluation method of high frequency ceramic, insulation resistance, withstand voltage, dielectric factor and dielectric loss, dielectric characteristics of microwave band are described.
This paper explains the features and prospects of the titled magnet which attracts attention as a post-Nd magnet.
The adsorption reaction of N atoms is outlined in Sm2Fe17, and the characteristics change by the method of nitriding treatment.
This paper shows the development situation of Sm2Fe17N3 magnet in each research institute.
This study introduces applications that make use of the high magnetic properties and high heat resistance of this magnet.
The plate of glass fiber reinforced polypropylene with circular hole cut was injection molded, and the effect of hole size and rotation speed of the molding machine screw on the strength of fibers and holes was investigated.
The rotation speed is 100-300 rpm, and the radius of the hole is 0-2. The pulling load was applied to the plate-like test piece changed to 5mm, and the energy release rate was measured by AE measurement.
When the rotational speed increases, the fiber breaks and the energy release rate decreases.
When the hole diameter is small, the destructive load decreases and the energy release rate increases.
This report explains the effect of short chain fatty acids on intestinal function.
When short-chain fatty acids were injected into patients operated on for colorectal and rectal diseases, blood flow increased, and cell proliferation was also confirmed.
In addition, it was found that rectal administration of short chain fatty acids to humans with decreased rectal function is important not only from the viewpoint of blood circulation promotion of the mucous membrane but also from the viewpoint of nutritional effect on mucosal cells.
Polyloft fiber (polyester fiber) has a faster weight loss speed than conventional polyester fiber, and alkali weight loss processing is possible in a short time.
Assuming polyloft and rayon composite fabrics, weight loss processing of polyloft knit and rayon fabrics in the same bath was carried out in sodium hydroxide.
In the alkali weight loss processing, the weight loss rate increased in proportion to the weight loss temperature and weight loss time in both polyloft and rayon.
And, when the weight loss processing promotion agent was added, the weight loss rate of polyloft increased a little, but the weight loss rate of rayon became almost 0.
In the weight loss processing so that the strength of rayon is maintained to some extent, it is necessary to establish the weight loss processing condition.
The development of fibers with skin care functions for skin sensitive to irritation is progressing.
Antimicrobial deodorizing natural fiber "Kitopoly", which is effective for atopic dermatitis, is introduced.
Chitosan contained in this is a polysaccharide obtained from crustaceans and insects, and is approximated to cellulose.
Chitopoly is a polynosic blended with chitosan, and as a feature, 1) antibacterial deodorizing effect, 2) biodegradable, 3) effect on allergic symptoms are mentioned.
Ceramics are antimicrobialized by adding inorganic antimicrobial agents that are stable even at high temperatures to the glassy layer (Yu drug) coated on the base.
Antimicrobial properties, durability and safety of antimicrobial ceramics against Escherichia coli, Staphylococcus aureus and MRSA are described.
And, the effect of the antibacterial treatment product on the generation prevention of the toilet urine stone dirt and the generation prevention of slime (slime) dirt is explained.
This study also described the problems for demonstrating the antibacterial function more effectively.
For the clothing production guidance, the correction method by body type of the tight skirt and the body shoulder part was examined, and the accumulation to the database was carried out, and the contents were summarized.
In order to avoid the influence by elongation as a sample, polyester satin fabric with the smallest elongation in both vertical and yoko directions was used.
Examples of correction of dart position and waistline in skirt prototype, differences in the body of cultural formula and dreme type prototype seen in JIS size, correlation between shoulder inclination and adoquation, and quantification of correction of shoulder peak part were examined.
In the future, in addition to adding cases of other parts, we would like to expand the database by examining the structure of the skeleton and its movable area for designing clothes that are easy to move and comfortable to wear.
This is an explanation of the circumstances under which Osaka Gas worked on the Internet.
The intranet which uses the system of the Internet as it is is is most ideal for the system of the information browsing center.
Advantages and disadvantages of intranet are explained.
In order to enhance the system of the intranet, the server function was enhanced.
We are promoting the construction of a total sales support system using an intranet.
In addition, it is reported that various technology development programs are advanced in order to construct convenient applications.
The red tea pigments bens (iron oxide) (I) and titanium dioxide coated clouds (II) were used as mirror samples.
On I, it was plate-like, thickness uniform, 4〜8μm by low magnification observation of 3,000 times.
However, the observation which saw the board from the side was not possible, and information such as thickness was not obtained.
The brightfield image and the dark field image image were observed at a medium magnification of tens of thousands of times, and a large number of fine particle adhesion on the sample surface and the thickness interference fringe corresponding to the change in thickness were observed.
The lattice image in the high resolution image observation was not obtained.
The same observation as I was made for II.
The cause that the full color electronic photograph image is inferior in the point of image quality compared with the printed image was examined.
The difference between the two was analyzed because it was due to the microstructure in the thickness direction of the image.
The cross-sectional structure was observed by optical microscope and transmission electron microscope by thinning the image with miglom.
As a result, it was found that the thickness of the image was small and the uniformity was high in the printed image.
In order to image quality of electronic photograph images, it is considered that the control of the thickness direction is effective.
