The dose rate of \"Fugen Power Plant\" can be calculated in detail using DERS software.
The VRdose software informs the DERS of the change of the situation in calculating the dose rate, that is, the object changes, by a special marker.
This paper summarizes the features of R5 version of this software, utilization manual and design document.
A phase shift magnetic sensor system consisting of two coils, amplifiers, and phase shifts circuits for sensing and output is being developed.
This circuit is a feedback circuit in which resonance frequency shifts by the change of input signal phase, and it is possible to detect the change of magnetic features of the object in the center of two coils with high sensitivity and resolution.
As a coil, two coils of inner diameter 6mm and 800 turns were used by inversely connecting coils.
In the experiment, the characteristics of tap water, pure water, and tap water treated with a magnetized device could be analyzed as frequency change.
And, it was confirmed that the change of flow rate and flow volume could also detect.
This paper describes a high sensitivity strain sensor using surface acoustic waves (SAW) for radio frequency IC tag (RFID) and sensor network SAW resonant fequency (SAW-RF) shifts observed by strain testing meathod numerically. (1) The measurement method of the SAW resonant frequency shift is described. (2) The measurement method of the strain measurement method is described.
The detectable strain is calculated to be 10-10, assuming SAW-RF frequency and frequency resolution to be 1GHz and 0.1Hz, respectively.
A SAW sensor with a resonant frequency of 40MHz was designed and fabricated on a quartz substrate by micromachining.
A three-phase correlation image sensor (3PCIS) is proposed for a real-time phase stamp range finder (PSRF). (1) The real-time phase stamp range finder (PSRF) is a real-time phase stamp range finder (PSRF) real-time phase stamp range finder (PSRF) is a real-time phase stamp range finder (PSRF) real-time phase stamp range finder (RT-PSRF) is a real-time phase stamp range finder (PSRF) that uses a three-phase correlation image sensor (3PCIS).
Except for 3PCIS and three-phase reference signal generator from RT-PSRF, optical stripe range finder is composed of the same parts as conventional optical stripe range finder.
The phase of the reference signal is stamped by optical stripes on each pixel by 3PCIS at the moment of image capture while single scanning is performed by sheet beam. (auther abst.) pixcels are used for the measurement of the phase of the reference signal.
By converting the detected phase into the angle of the projected sheet beam, three-dimensional shapes of the object can be obtained in real time.
In comparison with the time-stamp VLSI range finder, PSRF is less affected by spatial ununiformity of the surface reflection of the object and background lighting.
The proposed PSRF is simpler in structure than the modulated PSRF.
On the diversity of the property of the water, the hydrogen bond which is the force which works between water molecules and the network structure are explained.
Next, this paper explains the change of hydrogen bond networks which are a basis of water movement.
The water molecules in the local part which forms the hydrogen bond move collectively, and the water molecules in the other part do not move.
The energy fluctuations associated with such intermittent movement are shown.
Finally, this paper explains the freezing method of water, changes in pH of water, and the meaning of pH7.
This paper introduces the technical results of forming single crystal thin films of insulator, metal, and ferroelectrics on silicon substrate.
Various functional thin films can be formed on chemically stable alumina film by CVD and MBE methods.
The various sensors by multilayer thin films are realized.
This paper reports what has been done for the solution of electrification problem of the phase plate which was the most difficult problem of the phase difference electron microscope development.
One is the fine processing technology of the phase plate, and this was solved by the processing method by FIB (focus ion beam equipment).
phase plate electrification fouling was solved by sandwich carbon coating, and immanent fouling within an electron microscope from organic substance sample was solved by new-model electron microscope system. (1) The electrification problem of the phase plate was solved by the sandwich carbon coating. (2) The electric charge fouling from thin film processing was solved by the manufacture of new type electron microscope equipment.
Hafnium-related thin film oxides field effect transistors (FET) have been widely studied as tip gate dielectrics.
Therefore, the physical properties of high k nano-laminate materials composed of HfO2 and SiNx were examined.
The effect of deposition process and annealing process was examined using the surface analysis method.
Changes in chemical states, depth profile and band offset were investigated using XPS (X ‐ ray photoelectron spectroscopy). composition profile and band offset were measured.
The ESEELS method (elastic scattering electronic energy loss spectrum) was also used to investigate the bandgap.
It was clarified that the Hf / (Hf + Si) ratio did not affect the band gap, but it did affect the band offset for the nano-laminate. bandgap was not affected by the Hf / (Hf + Si) ratio.
The Hartree-Fock-Bogoliubov method is used to investigate the pairing density distribution of deformed nuclei.
An axial symmetric quadrupole deformed nuclei is studied.
Using surface type pairing correlation density distribution and pairing density distributio were obtained Angular dependences.
The 102Zr radial axis was analyzed for angles of 0, π / 4 and π / 2.
It is found that the deformation affects the pairing density distribution.
The Josephson vortex flow resistance of Bi2Sr2CaCu2O8 + δ (Bi ‐ 2212) single crystals doped with slightly over doped (Tc = 86.0K) and moderately over doped (Tc = 82.5K) was measured to investigate the magnetic phase diagram intermediately.
From the periodic oscillation of the flow resistance, the upper and lower phase boundaries of the three-dimensional regular Josephson vortex lattice phase are obtained.
The doping caused a remarkable change in the lower boundary of the three-dimensional orderly vortex phase.
The formation of Josephson vortex lattice begins at the lower phase boundary, and Josephson vortices are filled in the layer, reflecting anisotropy.
The upper phase boundary suggests a phase transition from the Josephson vortex lattice phase to the two-dimensional quasi-orderly state.
The PIT method has been applied to the fabrication of high ‐ Tc superconducting tapes.
Ag and Ag ‐ 0.3wt.% Mn were used as internal and external sheath materials, respectively.
The mechanical properties and critical current deterioration of the tape under axial fatigue loading were investigated.
The results are described in detail.
We have developed a superconducting tunnel junction (STJ) detector for the first time. (1) The title subject detector is a superconducting tunnel junction (STJ).
The STJ consists of Nb / Al / AlOx / Al / Nb multi-layer structure and the substrate is LiNbO3 single crystal.
THz wave irradiation is converted to phonons in LiNbO3 crystal, and this phonons reach the Nb base electrode and destroy Cooper pairs.
As a result, THz waves can be detected as tunneling current signals in STJ.
Using plasma-enhanced chemical vapor deposition (PECVD) method developed for low-temperature crystallite silicon transistors, SiO2 films and nano-dots were formed.
The former uses a conductively coupled plasma (CCP) source, and the latter uses an inductively coupled plasma (ICP) source.
The density and diameter distribution of the Si dots can be changed by the formation temperatures.
It was also found that the shape and crystallinity of the dots depended on the temperatures.
The SiO2 films showed excellent performance even at temperatures below 430 ℃, and the memory effect of Si dot MOS capacitor was confirmed.
The protein localization and dynamic phase of the reproductive granule constituent protein in the reproductive cell were examined. reproduction granule composition protein was examined.
As a result of EST analysis of vasa of Oryzias latipes and Oryzias latipes, GFP or RFP gene fertilized egg of Oryzias latipes was introduced with newly identified two genes.
The germ line was peculiarly manifested by this, and fluorescence correlation spectroscopy and analysis were carried out using the laser scanning type fluorescence microscope.
The fusion gene product showed the peculiar expression of the germ line, and cytoplasm structure of the patch state which seemed to be the reproduction granule was confirmed to form in the neighborhood of the nucleus.
XPS and contact angle measurement (CAM) perfluorosilan (PFTS) were used to investigate the stability of Al / Si (PFTS / Al / Si) surfaces reacting with PFTS. (1) The surface stability of PFTS was investigated by measuring the contact angle of PFTS and Al / Si surface.
PFTS / Al / Si, perfluorosilan alkyl chain coating exists on PFTS / Al / Si exposed to the outside world for 140 hours and PFTS / Al / Si exposed to the outside world for 140 hours after nitric-acid-treatment XPS.
CAM performed on these three surfaces showed that the static water contact angle was > 115 °, that the wet hysteresis was almost constant, and that it showed high hydrophobicity and good resistance.
That is to say, the stability of PFTS / Al / Si to nitric acid (pH < 1.8, 60 ℃, 30 min) is shown.
The AFM data show that PFTS / Al / Si film is stable, since surface roughness of PFTS / Al / Si is not significantly different before and after warm nitric-acid-treatment.
The liquid crystals have the unlimited possibility of applying to various functional materials.
The construction of organizational structure and new functionalization by molecular design are being tried.
The design and nanophase separation structure of liquid crystals, mass transport and separation by liquid crystals, and electrical functions of liquid crystals are described.
The molecular shape and the intermolecular interaction greatly affect the self-assembled structures.
This paper describes features and dielectric breakdown of particle transport under atmospheric pressure, and takes up typical atmospheric thermal nonequilibrium plasmas, and outlines their properties and features.
The corona discharge is the discharge which arises under unequal electric fields such as electrodes with a needle and a flat plate, or with a wire and a plate.
The dielectric barrier discharge is generated, when parallel flat plate electrodes, circular cylinder electrodes, etc. are arranged with dielectric materials, and when alternating current or pulse voltage is applied between electrodes. alternate current and pulse voltage are applied.
The filament shape micro discharge is the form of the most general dielectric barrier discharges, and a thin discharge filaments appear on the whole electrodes.
The atmospheric glow discharge is a uniform electric discharge obtained by applying alternating voltage by introducing atmospheric He gas into a typical dielectric barrier discharge reactor.
The optical polarization plays an increasingly important role in the industrial fields from liquid crystal display to optical recording and from biotechnology to remote sensing.
In addition, products using polarization elements and polarization elements themselves become more and more complicated, and they are used.
A system to measure the complete Mueller matrix of a sample will be useful for the use of most types of polarization sample at present or in the future, because it has the advantage of measuring all of the polarization properties of the sample.
Here, the basis of the polarization measurement is simply described, and the Mueller matrix for describing the polarization properties of polarization measurements is explained.
An AxoScan system is also described to measure the complete Mueller matrix of a sample, and an example of measurement performed by this method is shown.
This paper describes the automatic control of flow rate, and explains the sequential control.
The principle of the flow sensor is to detect flow rate in the tepered tube of a floating flowmeter by differential tranfromer, and to control the flow rate by voltage control of this. obtained voltage is used for the measurement of the flow rate.
The type, basic configuration, and standards of this flow sensor are illustrated and introduced.
This paper describes the standard and precautions for type selection and an example of a standard measurement system, and introduces the constant flow control as an application example.
In this paper, establishment of an optical fiber attenuation standard for the optical fiber cable is described.
The light source is a light emission diode of center wavelength 850nm and Gaussian spectrum full width at half maximum optical fiber multimode GI type with 26μm effective core diameter and 0.11 effective numerical aperture.
The measurement temperature was 22 ℃, and the measurement range of attenuation was 10-50dB.
The result of international comparison by Japan (ETL), Italy (CSELT), Netherlands (VSL), Germany (PTB) and France (LCIE) is discussed.
Since the radio relay station is installed in the summit of high altitude location, power failure and equipment damage by lightning become problems.
The lightning current waveform, duration of lightning current, estimation of lightning invasion path and lightning stroke aspect were examined by observing 24 lightning strokes generated in radio towers and distribution lines in winter of 1990. (1) The lightning current waveform was observed in winter of 1990. (2) The lightning\'s path of entry was estimated by the lightning current waveform.
The polarity of the lightning is 75% positive polarity and bipolar lightning stroke, and the positive ‐ polarity current flows following the negative ‐ polarity current bipolarity.
the lightning stroke ratio to the radio tower and distribution lines is equal.
The United States intends to promote its own international competitiveness superiority as a top priority through close cooperation among the government, industry, and universities. international and domestic competitive power and superiority are the main issues.
Experiments on high temperature superconductivity of yttrium and copper oxides were reported in early 1987, and the worldwide research competition was started, and especially, the national promotion policy was taken so as not to be late for Japan.
The aid policy of the development system of industry ‐ government ‐ university was advocated in the speech of President Reagan, and concrete legislation and administrative measures were taken, and 5 strengthening bills were proposed.
National Science Foundation, Department of Defense, Department of Energy, National Science Foundation, National Aerospace Laboratory, and Department of Commerce were selected as the budget system of federal research and development organizations. [1988.1]. NASA, Department of Defense, National Space Laboratory, National Space Laboratory, National Space Laboratory, National Space Laboratory, National Space Laboratory, National Space Laboratory, National Space Laboratory, National Space Laboratory, National Space Laboratory, National Space Laboratory, National Space Laboratory, National Space Laboratory, National Space Laboratory, National Space Laboratory, National Space
This paper outlines supply and demand trends in the world and in Japan, and classifies and positions representative grades of each company.
As recent trends in forming technologies, this paper describes forming methods including mold designs for utilizing characteristics and forming methods for improving weld strength.
On the application, the trend and prospect in injection molded products and extrusion molded products and polymer alloys are described.
Recent topics on recycling are introduced.
The pancake coils of silver coated bismuth based 61 ‐ core high temperature superconducting cables of 600m and 1200m in inner diameter were fabricated.
All of them were cooled by GM refrigerating machine.
The 1.0T coil was successfully operated for 100 hours.
The latter coil produced 2.2 T in liquid helium.
The value of 0.56T was obtained even at 64K.
The next step after mass production of the hologram will be full color.
DMP ‐ 128 photopolymer hologram is a polymer volume hologram which is a way to mass-produce the hologram at low cost. \"DMP ‐ 128 photopolymer\" is a photopolymer volume hologram photosensitive recording material.
This hologram has the feature of reproducing bright and clear image under white scattered light high value added in the future from chemical treatment process technology.
Characteristics and record processes of the photopolymer are explained.
The time ‐ of ‐ flight method using a pulsed laser was used as a photoconduction measuring method.
An anthracene crystal was sandwiched between transparent electrodes, and light was injected from one side, and the electric current flows by the external electric field of charge carriers generated near the surface.
The photocurrent signal proportional to the second order of the light intensity is generated by the light of 420nm.
From the detailed analysis of the intensity dependence of excited light, it was concluded that the photo-ionization was responsible for the photoionization.
For database management system, analysis tool, and tool for output, the commercial system was adopted, and portability and maintainability of systems on the market were improved.
Based on the idea that material development and improvement of data system can be promoted in parallel, this paper develops a system noticing the distribution of data with high freshness, improvement of data quality, derivation of a model as far as in situ, and creation of a tool for material design reflecting data at each point in time.
An interface for substance operation at the atomic level was developed, because the operation of the user side is important for the idea support in the material development.
A geometric ‐ optical theory of standing wave based on ray coincidence is developed.
This kind of ray can be called wave normal ray.
In order to explain the basic concept, the problem of reflection and refraction of cylindrical wave at the plane boundary is taken up.
Satisfactory inequalities of incident and reflected wave angles are derived by the principle of wavefront normal ray. inequality of incident and reflected wave angles is derived by the principle of wave normal ray incidence and reflection angle.
A new expression form of Snell\'s law on refraction is also described.
It is the most important concept for constructing the chemical world image, and the historical history is described.
The law of conservation of mass law of gas reactions was law of definite proportions (1799), atomic hypothesis (1803), law of multiple proportions (1808). atom hypothesis (1803), law of multiple proportions (1808), and law of gas reaction (1809) were developed.
Avogadro\'s hypothesis (1811) contributed to the development in the future.
Faraday\'s law (1834) recognized ion and opened the way to the research of isotopes.
The problem of unit notation of units of atomic weight is also mentioned.
In the material production process, thermal phenomena such as fusion, solidification, rapid cooling of the substance must be precisely controlled.
The heat transfer mechanism in the transient critical process of fluid is clarified.
The macroscopic heat transfer characteristics of the fluid vicinity of a critical point were clarified by experiments and numerical analysis.
To microscopically clarify the super rapid transient phenomenon, formation of molecular cluster with temperature and pressure change was also examined by large ‐ scale numerical analysis using the technique of molecular dynamics.
The development of the title for the coating of particles by plasma CVD is described.
The methane conversion was used to study the characteristics of this type of reactor.
The introduction of reactive gas from the side of the direct current plasma jet did not change the stability of plasma, and the gas was activated efficiently even if there were particles.
In the presence of excess hydrogen, the particles promote carbon production, and the possibility of plasma CVD on the fluidized particles is shown.
For laser fusion, technology development to infiltrate liquid fuel into ultra low density plastic foam for forming a cryotarget consisting of uniform fuel layer in a hollow sphere is described.
The foam hollow sphere was produced by the density matching emulsion technique.
A low ‐ density ablator layer was formed on the outside.
The machining accuracy was obtained by SEM and interferometry, and the mechanical strength was obtained by tensile stress measurement.
More than 98% sphericity and film thickness uniformity and less than 0.2μm smoothness were realized.
The conduction properties of the previously reported thin film in as ‐ grown condition are described, and the difference from the thin film which shows the superconductivity in as ‐ grown obtained at present is examined.
The crystal structure was identified by X ‐ ray diffraction. thin film characteristics were evaluated by temperature resistance characteristics by direct current four ‐ terminal method. characteristic evaluation was carried out by X ‐ ray diffraction.
The as ‐ grown BiSrCaCuO thin film was prepared under two different preparation conditions.
The c axis length of Bi2212 phase was found to be the same as that of c axis orientation films.
However, there are semiconductor temperature resistance characteristics and superconducting characteristics depending on the fabrication conditions.
The wall turbulence of high Reynolds number is investigated by the formulation and numerical analysis. (1) The turbulent characteristics of the wall are evaluated without using semi ‐ empirical parameters.
In this method, the two point correlation included in the turbulent flow fluctuation equation is separated into variables corresponding to each point.
The governing equation obtained by this method is also useful for turbulent shear flow such as turbulent flow near wall.
An example of the solution is given.
A high pressure steady jet of water injected continuously from a single hole nozzle was analyzed to clarify the division mechanism of the spray.
The number of captured particles was measured at each point from nozzle to 500mm every 100mm distance by the phase Doppler method (PDPA).
Particles were measured and individual data of particles entering the measuring volume were recorded in the raw data mode with the inflow time particles.
As the nozzle was moved away from the nozzle, liquid lumps and large particles division progressed, and various changes were reduced at 500mm.
An InGaP / InGaAsP material embedding heterostructure deformed quantum well laser as a 0.98μm band excitation light source for optical fiber amplifier using Al free InGaP / InGaAsP material was developed.
The stable behvior of 2000hr was confirmed.
The effect of particle agglomeration on the characteristics of particle coagulation was compared by experiment and analysis.
The magnetic fluid is filled in the horizontal circular tube closed circuit, and a heater and an electromagnetic field are installed outside, and a flow velocity, temperature difference, and pressure difference detection edge are inserted orizontal tube of closed circuit.
The magnetic field is applied perpendicular or parallel to the tube axis in the opposite direction.
Pressure difference and flow velocity of magnetized fluid caused by temperature difference between magnetic field inlet and outlet were measured.
On the other hand, the viscosity increase and the pressure difference were calculated from the theory that globular particles agglomerate to form a long ellipsoidal mass.
The effect of magnetic field direction and aggregation number on the temperature difference and pressure difference is illustrated. direction of the magnetic field and aggregation number are shown.
This paper explains the titled measurement technology on vibration and temperature in the heavy machinery industry.
The strain measurement of turbine blades by radio telemeter does not light pyrometer in temperature, and the clearance of blades and casing can be measured without contact by optical fiber laser. collector ring is used for measuring the strain of turbine blades.
wear of a tube bracket of a heat exchanger is calculated from measured values of a laser displacement gauge and a strain gauge type force sensor.
The laser Doppler vibrometer is utilized for the vibration measurement with the high ‐ resolution.
The infrared ray applied measurement using radiant heat is useful for stress analysis.
The scattering of oxygen gas molecule from graphite surface was simulated by molecular dynamics method.
The experiments were carried out by scattering of O2 supersonic molecular beam on a clean graphite surface in a UHV room. scatter of O2 supersonic molecular beam was observed in the UHV room.
The results of the angle distribution of the scattering O2 agreed well with those of the scattering O2.
The loss of rotational energy is most affected by the initial rotational energy, and energy transfer is also an important factor.
Topics on nonlinear wave in lattice dynamics and localized mode brought about by nonlinearity of the lattice are introduced.
The soliton solution of the KdV equation is explained first nonlinear Schroedinger equation and the sine ‐ Gordon equation, breather solution, 2 kink solution and envelope soliton were described.
The properties of the space localized mode solution of the lattice equation derived from the unidimensional anharmonic potential are clarified.
The existence of a steady localized mode is also predicted in the multidimensional lattice.
The dynamic equilibrium surface form depends on the annealing condition and the substrate miss ‐ cut direction.
The annealing condition studied and the substrate included many of the common conditions under which MOCVD epitaxial growth is performed.
AsH3 / H2 atmosphere annealed micro oblique GaAs (001) surface tends to form step bunching by the experimental results.
The experimental results are explained by a model.
Various types of flow sensors measure flow rate of fluid flowing in piping of plant, depending on the property and condition of fluid.
Then, it is necessary to choose the appropriate sensor by the difference of property and condition of the fluid.
In this paper, the measurement principle, merits and demerits of typical flow sensors are briefly explained, and the application range is expanded using recent technology examples are introduced.
differential pressure type flowmeters, electromagnetic flowmeters, area type flowmeters, capacity type flowmeters, etc. are mentioned. (Machine assisted translation) Production trends and features of flowmeter by type are described.
Recently, the development of near field optics using evanescent light is remarkable.
In this paper, a virtual near field optical microscope was constructed on the computer using the guided mode separate type integral equation method, and the animation was produced.
It was clarified that the light distribution change in the probe vicinity could be easily understood by displaying it in the animation.
The fabricated system is applicable to CAD of near field optics.
The optical switching and the optical recording image in the title were formed, and the stability was examined.
A liquid ‐ crystal film of the title was formed by uniaxial orientation on a glass substrate, and the amount of the transmitted light through a polarizing plate was measured.
The nematic phase disappeared and the amount of the transmitted light became zero by the bright line irradiation of 366nm.
The image (I) was formed by laser pulse irradiation, and the stability over 1 year was shown at room temperature.
The enzyme was eliminated at temperatures above Tg temperature.
The mechanism of the heat return reaction is discussed.
The formation of the homogeneous orientation of liquid crystal with tilt angle was studied using the above polyimide.
A helical polyimide (I) film and a straight chain type polyimide (II) film were formed on a glass substrate, and in ‐ plane orientation and tilt irradiation were carried out by UV irradiation, respectively.
A liquid crystal for active matrix was injected into the cells.
The cleavage of the principal chain was observed by UV irradiation, and only small tilt angles were observed regardless of the UV irradiation angle.
The orientation of the polymers was stable and no reverse tilt was observed.
The tilt direction was the same as that of UV irradiation.
This paper explains the application of chemical processes using supercritical phase, in which liquid does not phase change regardless of temperture or pressure.
There are separation and extraction of useful substances, reactivity improvement, creation of new products, waste treatment, application fields of chemical analysis, etc..
Research on environmental harmonized reaction process, effective utilization of unused resources, new material creation, and physical properties of reaction are being carried out.
An example of the application of CFCs to hydrolysis is introduced.
The burning characteristics of a high temperature gas ‐ cooled reactor type furnace annihilation furnace annihilate minor actinoid (MA) using Pu obtained from reprocessing as fuel were examined.
The results show that the high burn ‐ up of about 500GWd / t and MA annihilation rate of about 40% can be achieved.
MA annihilation rate of about 70% was achieved in the MA separation model loaded with fuel divided into MA fuel sphere and Pu nuclear fuel ball groups. (auther abst.) nuclear fuels were separated into MA fuel sphere and Pu nuclear fuel sphere.
This furnace is promising and will be well studied in the future.
The melt fracture or unstable flow is increasing in importance in high speed molding.
On this phenomenon, melt fractures develop in the flow curve and the region of melt fracture.
The melt fracture characteristics in HDPE.
The flow pattern in the reservoir and the shape of moldings.
The mechanism generating spiraling melt fracture was examined by dividing into each item.
The protective measures for melt fracture are also described. (auther abst.)
This paper explains the features of hydrogen storage alloy surface and composition and technology of structure control of the alloy thin film in the case of application to electrode material.
The hydrogen storage and release reaction greatly depends on the surface quality of the alloy.
In the bulk material, the same problem becomes a problem on how to control the alloy powder surface to the film structure suitable for hydrogen storage, and on the thin film.
making a thin film of these alloys is an effective synthesis technique for materials with hydrogen storage characteristics of high performance.
A monodispersed polymer spheres containing individual liquid crystal nucleus were obtained by examining a polymer dispersion type liquid crystal display layer containing a true single size liquid crystal domain.
The liquid crystal particels wrapped in such polymer are easy to be made between several μm and 5 μm in 10 minutes.
Layer of liquid crystal particle wrapped in polymers of various compositions was prepared considering electrooptical characteristics and others.
Finally, the particle diameter was made to be 1.25μm, and 75wt% was dispersed in the polymer, and the layer of the 29μm thickness was made.
As a result, the electro ‐ optical property of V10 = 11.8V and V90 = 18V were obtained.
A thermal flow sensor with a wide flow measurement range of 0.005 〜 90m / s and high durability was developed.
A multi ‐ point measurement type flow meter for non ‐ developed turbulent flow was developed using this sensor.
This flow meter can detect flow rates of 20 〜 3200m3 / h or more in a 0.2m inner diameter pipe under non ‐ developed turbulent condition.
If this flow meter is used, a long straight section piping is unnecessary, and downsizing of instrumentation system mounting becomes possible. down ‐ sizing of instrumentation system mounting is possible.
This paper outlines the trend of measurement technique of reflection and transmission object color, and presents the cases to be noticed in colorimetry.
Color measurement methods are roughly divided into spectral diffraction colorimetry method photoelectric tristimulus colorimetry and reading method of stimulus value directly, and the principle is introduced.
This paper shows the type and specification list of colorimeters.
As features of the colorimetry, the scattering light using integrated bulb illuminates the sample, and the type which measures the reflected light in the direction which tilted slightly from the sample normal increases.
This paper reports the results of the titled investigation expert committee for three years.
Electrical, optical, photoelectric and structural evaluation technology are described in detail. electric, optical, photoelectric and structural evaluation technology are described.
Functions and devices are also explained by classifying them, and problems in film ‐ producing technology are also described.
The development of the top data of the II ‐ VI group compound semiconductor laser has already advanced in comparison with the III ‐ V group laser on static characteristics such as thresholds.
The optical outputs of 87mW in the continuous operation and 840mW in the pulse operation have been confirmed, and the application to the disk writing application can be also expected.
The improvement of the life is a large problem of the practical application.
Present state of these research and development is viewed.
A large eddy simulation of viscous fluid turbulent flow past a square cylinder is performed to investigate the effect of filter width and numerical viscosity.
The effect of turbulent viscosity on the numerical viscosity of a turbulent flow is investigated.
The filter width is selected appropriately to excel the effect of turbulent viscosity in the turbulent region.
The results of LES of two ‐ dimensional flow around a square column with Reynolds number 22000 are discussed.
First, the transition between the energy level and the level of the atom is explained. atomic energy level and the transition between the levels are explained.
Next, the molecular energy level and spectrum are taken up, and CO2 laser and excimer laser are mentioned.
The Lorenz type spectrum of the light which transitions between levels is explained, and the Gaussian type Doppler effect is explained.
Cutting, patterning, polishing, and metalizing work of diamond films by laser are reviewed.
The laser work is carried out by local heating and ablation by high density light flux.
The damage threshold and etching rate of diamond film were compared and examined when the wavelength and pulse interval of the laser were changed widely.
This paper describes a new method for selectively selecting Ni and Cu on the laser ‐ activated diamond surface.
Application of laser beam to selective deposition of diamond film, grooving, defects annealing, uniform nucleation, and adhesion improvement application are introduced.
The amidation of 1 ‐ pyrenemethylamine with 1 ‐ pyreneacetic acid afforded N ‐ (1 ‐ pyrenemethyl) ‐ 1 ‐ pyrenemethanecarboxamide (I). amidation reaction of 1 ‐ pyreneacetic acid (II) with 1 ‐
1 ‐ pyrenemethylamine phenylcarboxamide (II), cyclohexylcarboxamide (III), and 1 ‐ pyrenemethyl 1 ‐ pyreneacetate (IV) were synthesized as reference compounds.
The fluorescence spectrum showed concentration dependence indicating the formation of aggregates.
It was shown that the aggregation behavior of I could be detected by the spectral method.
The fluorescence spectra of the amide groups were not dependent on the concentration, suggesting that the amide groups were formed by hydrogen bonding and piling up of pyrene units. aggregate concentration dependence of the fluorescence spectra of the amide groups was different from that of the other amide groups.
The critical current value Ic and the normal conduction resistance Rn, etc. are required to be able to produce many junctions with designable and reproducible values in order to practically apply the titled junctions.
Therefore, the fine structure of various types of high temperature superconductivity Josephson junction developed until now has been investigated using TEM, and the relation between the structure and characteristic reproducibility is described in this paper.
And, the Josephson junction can be classified into grain ‐ boundary ‐ type and multilayer type, and each of them is explained.
In addition, YBCO homo epitaxial growth technology expected as a Josephson junction manufacture method for obtaining desirable Ic and Rn in good reproduciblility is also shown.
The polarization angle of the σ component of Dα and Hα beams of tangentially injected NB heating beam is measured in motion stark effect (MSE) diagnostic system.
A new polarimeter of 9 channels was added to the conventional 5 channels, and the safety factor \"q distribution\" over the whole minor plasma radius (R = 3.04 〜 4.29m) became possible.
And, the dielectric multilayer mirror was introduced, and the background light was drastically reduced.
Since the change of polarization angle by the multilayer mirror is big, the calibration procedure is also described.
A new in ‐ line flowmeter has been developed.
The principle is to measure the Karman vortex street generated in the pipe flow by ultrasonic wave oscillator and receiver installed outside of the pipe, and to obtain volumetric flow rates.
The features are as follows: There is no sealing part, and safety is high, simple, and there is no moving part in the tube, and maintenance is unnecessary, and the sensor can be exchanged without stopping the flow of the process even in the case of failure, because it is outside the tube.
Measurable flow velocity range is 0.2 〜 6.0m / sec, Reynold\'s number range is over 5000, and accuracy is 1% (meter indication).
A self ‐ holding single mode optical fiber switch is constructed using a technique to make a high ‐ precision micropipe by metallization and etching to optical fiber. minute pipe is made by the following methods: 1) metallization to optical fiber, 2)
Various characteristics of this optical switch are introduced.
The application technology to communication system, functional optical device, optical measurement system, etc. was described.
Then, the latest technlological trend of the micro photo mechanical switch with the aim of economical efficiency and enlargement of the optical switch is viewed.
The spectroscopic investigation of the titled particles with nanometer order size is explained.
First, quantum size effect and resonance size selective excitation spectral diffraction at the lowest excitation energy are outlined.
Next, exciton state of the II ‐ VI group semiconductor mesoscopic particles was explained mainly on CdSe crystallites from quantum size effect exciton and carrier dynamics, and photodissociation phenomenon.
For the comparison, the semiconductor mesoscopic particles of IV group and I ‐ VII group with different characteristics are explained.
Finally, recent trends and problems in this field are described.
Regarding the titled connector of MT (Mechanically Transferable) type, this paper explains structure and basic characteristics.
And, MPO (Multifiber Push ‐ On) type connector and Mini ‐ MPO type connector based on this connector technology are also mentioned.
As characteristics, this paper shows data of mechanical test and environmental test.
As future problems, high ‐ speed assembly multicore connector is mentioned.
A hydrophobic polymer (poly (1)) brush and its hydrolyzed product, amphiphilic polymer (poly (2)) brush, were characterized by surface initiated polymerization of (2,2-dimethyl-1,3-dioxolane-4- yl) methyl methacrylate (methacrylate) onto a silicon wafer.
A poly (1) brush was prepared by surface initiated atom transfer radical polymerization using the complex of CuBr and (-) -sparteine. 6 \'-triethoxysilylhexyl-2-bromoisobutylate surface-treated silicon wafer.
In addition, poly (2) brush was prepared by hydrolysis by HCl.
The molecular weight of poly (1) brush and poly (2) brush, film thickness, surface roughness, contact angle of water, and friction coefficient of stainless steel balls or glass ball probes in water and air were evaluated.
The friction coefficient of the poly (2) brush was found to be significantly smaller in water than that of the poly (1) brush, but to be larger in air.
In addition to fabrication, falsification, and plagiarization of data and ideas, there are various forms and degrees of actions in the misconduct of scientific papers.
In Japan, the correspondence to the misconduct has been retarded.
The education of ethics to young researchers and the setting of the principles of ethics should be strongly planned in each institutes.
In addition, an organ which judges misconduct judgment such as ORI (Office of Research Initiative) in U.S.A. should be urgently established. (Machine assisted translation). (Machine assisted translation). (Machine assisted translation) ORI (Office of Research Integrity). (Machine assisted translation). (Machine assisted translation). (Machine assisted translation) establish
This paper describes a new theory on the glass transition point from crosslinked resin to linear polymer by the author.
A glass transition point (Tg) and strength of a new theory on physical properties from crosslinked resin to linear polymer were presented at J. Applied Polymer Science (Vol.97, 1467 ‐ 1475 (2005)).
In the new theory, the crosslinked resin forms different segment by curing and temperature of post curing, and the g also changes.
van der Waals force between main chains of Tg of linear polymer was considered to be a segment, and the thermal elongation of C-C bond from 0 ℃ was made to be 1% temperature. (auther abst.). (auther abst.) segement of Tg of linear polymer was made to be a segment of 2 rows of bonding parts bonded by van der Waals force between main chains.
The polonium attracted the public attention by the suspicious death case of the former Russian Federal Security Agency information department member in the end of 2006.
The polonium is the element discovered by Curie couple in 1898, and the polonium 210 exists most naturally.
Characteristics of polonium as a poison permeability alpha ‐ ray is extremely low when (1) radioactivity is 10 billion times as high as uranium 238, (2) alpha ‐ decay is mainly observed, and (3) it is incorporated into human body.
And, polonium 210 is very small, and it is also included in the smoke of the tobacco.
When ozone is generated by silent discharge using oxygen as a raw material, ozone generation is promoted, when nitrogen coexists in the raw material gas.
The effect of nitrogen discharge light was estimated, and nitrogen discharge light was injected into silent discharge space in oxygen.
The amount of ozone formation increased by about 2mg / h.
When nitrogen discharge light is not irradiated, large intermittent pulses are small group pulses discharge light irradiated, which is proven from the resuscitation figure of discharge current. (auther abst. Lissajou\'s figure)
The second harmonic generation (SHG) of low ‐ moleculer organic compounds is described, and the examples of SHG active molecules and present state of molecular design are described.
Next, as a method for SHG activity implementation in polymer systems, polling is carried out by dispersing molecules with large super ‐ polarization coefficient (β) in the matrix.
Present state of the research was described by introducing molecules with large β value in the side ‐ chain and by using ferroelectric polymer, and problems were described.
Langmuir ‐ Blodgett method and inclusion are also mentioned.
The electrostatic pseudo liquid membrane (ESPLIM) which is a new pseudo liquid film is shown.
The equipment used for this liquid film operation consists of extracting tank baffle plates and back ‐ extracting tank, and both tanks have two covered electodes.
A high voltage alternating current is applied to the electrodes.
This method does not require surfactants and has advantages such as simplicity of the process compared with the emulsifying liquid film surfactant.
O / W type emulsion was used for the interface template polymerization to obtain fine ‐ granular resin.
To begin with, the synthesis method was explained, and the function was described.
The amount of Cu (II) adsorbed on the interface template resin with phosphate group increased with increasing pH.
The adsorption isotherm of Cu (II) adsorption by an interface template resin with a carboxyl group was drawn.
The amount of Zn (II) adsorption on the W / O interface template resin with dioleoyl phosphate ester as a functional group monomer increased with increasing pH.
This paper carries out the titled research and summarizes the results.
To begin with, the molecular weight dependence of diffusion coefficient D of monodispersed polyisoprene (PI) at 298K was examined.
And, the D of high molecular weight PI was measured by mixing high molecular weight PI in low molecular weight PI slightly.
The dielectric normal mode relaxation (R) of PI in PI / polybutadiene (PB) / heptane ternary system was examined in dilute solution to examine how the entanglement effect reflected the fluctuation of the distance between both ends in the process of the transition from the dilute solution to the thick system.
As a polymer blend system in the bulk state, a small amount of low molecualr weight PI was mixed with PB, and R was examined.
R research reviews carried out in 1986 and 1987 are also attached. [1994.3].
FIB ‐ SIMS is a combination of SIMS with submicron resolution and GaFIB and multi ‐ channel detection system.
The GaFIB ‐ SIMS has high spatial resolution and unique scan mode (Shave ‐ off mode).
Shave ‐ off analysis, relative sensitivity coefficient, and oxide matrix effect in quantitative analysis are outlined.
Examples of nonmetallic inclusions in steel and inorganic microcapsule of 2 〜 3μm in diameter are shown.
The National Institute of Radiological Science (NIRS) has been developing facilities for the production of radiopharmaceuticals facilities for the preparation of radioisotope labelled pharmaceuticals.
AVF930 and HM18 and reagent preparation rooms irradiation room for RI preparation, 2 hot laboratories for radioisotope synthesis, semi ‐ hot laboratory rooms, dispensaries, automatic synthesis equipment development rooms, reagent preparation rooms, etc. are constructed. (Machine assisted translation). (Machine assisted translation) (Machine assisted translation) (Machine assisted translation) (Machine assisted translation) (Machine assisted translation) main cyclotronroom for accelerating charged particle
AVF930 isotopes for the SPECT of 123I and 77Br, 28Mg, 42, 43K, 52Fe, 56Ni, 61Cu, 62Zn, 95mTc, etc. can be produced.
HM18 is mainly used for the production of nuclides for PET such as 11C and 18F. H M18 is limited to H and D as accelerating particles.
Novel carcogenocarboxylic acid containing high alkali metal salts and esters such as S, Se, Te, higher 16th group elements were synthesized and their physical properties were clarified.
Selenocarboxylic acid (RCOSeH, RCSeOH), tellurocarboxylic acid (RCOTeH, RCTeOH), and their rubidium and cesium salts were synthesized from O ‐ silyl selenoester and ‐ telluroester, respectively.
On the other hand, diselenoesters (RCSeSeR \') and selenoesters (RCSeSeR\') were synthesized.
Their structures were elucidated on the basis of spectral and X ‐ ray crystallographic evidence.
In addition, various reactivities were also examined. [1996.3].
The molecular and reaction dynamics of a medium density fluid (supercritical fluid) were studied in the picosecond region by transient absorption method and Transient Grating ‐ TG method.
The TG method in nano and millisecond region liquid crystals, interfaces, clusters, emulsions, and medium density fluids was applied to the study of dynamics, and in addition, the methods such as volume grating and cluster grating were developed, and the application was tried.
The magnetic field dependence of the triplet mechanism of chemically inducted dynamic electron polarization (CIDEP) was examined by low frequency time ‐ resolved EPR as research in the photochemical initial stage by nanosecond time ‐ resolved ESR method.
In addition, the photochemical initial stage process and spin dynamics by CW and FT time ‐ resolved EPR were studied.
Though scanning probe microscopes (SPM) are prototype of scanning tunnel microscopes (STM), SPMs using various interactions between samples and probes have been studied and developed.
That is to say, atomic force microscope (AFM), magnetic force microscope, frictional force microscope (FFM), electrochemical STM, transverse ‐ vibrational FFM, scanning near ‐ field AFM, etc. are explained.
These principles and observation examples are shown in great numbers.
However, it has been developed from shape observation to physical properties measurement and micro manipulation measurement method capable of observing in magnification as higher as several ten thousand to several hundred thousand times, and it is a microscope with wide application field. (Machine assisted translation). (Machine assisted translation) (Machine assisted translation) (Machine assisted translation) (Machine assisted translation) (Machine assisted translation) (Machine assisted translation specimen
The solubility of the monomer was lowered by continuously adding water to the homogeneous solution of water, ethanol, and monomer, and the monomer was separated continuously in small quantities to the whole system.
Finally, a large amount of monomer was uniformly absorbed into monodispersed seed particles.
A monodispersed swollen styrene particles were obtained by this method and the titled fine particles were synthesized.
The prevention of the generation of the by-product fine particles in the polymerization was also examined.
When energy is consumed in human activities, artificial waste heat and pollutant materials are generated, and Heat Islands are generated in large cities, and these are stagnant.
There is a microclimate near the surface.
CO2, NOX, suspended particle materials, etc. become problems on the discharge.
The heat conductance and heat capacity of roads are high in the city center, and the permeability is low, so that it is easy to become high temperature.
These urban climate are formed by high consumption of energy in narrow urban area.
Solar constant S is an important external parameter for determining planetary climate.
It is said that the atmospheric composition and climatic condition of Venus, Earth and Mars are greatly different by the difference of S.
In this paper, the change of the climate by the value of S and the physical consideration were carried out using the simple three-dimensional model.
The numerical model used is an atmospheric general circulation model including a simple hydrological process.
This paper carries out Omagari fault research by electromagnetic method concerning Horonobe Underground Research Project.
The remote reference method AMT measurements were carried out at 59 points.
The underground specific resistance structure from the ground surface to the altitude of 1000km was obtained and compared with the existing geologic structure.
As a result, the planar distribution of specific resistance tends to extend NNW-SSE direction, and it corresponded well with the geologic distribution.
And, it was shown that the Omagari fault could be estimated from the specific resistance distribution in good correspondence with the electric logging result.
Construction of hydraulic geologic layer model and underground water flow analysis method by fiscal 2004 in Horonobe Underground Research Project were summarized.
Based on hydraulic properties extracted from existing information, sensitivity analysis of underground water flow was carried out for 50-km square including Horonobe-Cho.
On total water head distribution and underground water movement path, high and low sensitivity of recharge capacity and hydraulic conductivity difference were required.
In the vicinity of the laboratory site area, dominant flow systems in shallow and deep places were found.
In the investigation using boring holes, the results of hydraulic experiments and indoor hydraulic conductivity experiments were examined.
As a result, it was found that the hydraulic conductivity coefficient depth-dependence was observed in all strata, and that the tendency was remarkable especially in the Wakkanai layer, and that they correlated with the existence of fissure zones.
The lakes and marshes are part of the groundwater flow system.
The groundwater recharge function of the irrigation pond is also evaluated by the method of determining the type of the lake from three hydrogeological factors (regional dominance, system efficiency, and location of the lake) shown by Born et al.
In this study, the groundwater recharge function was examined by applying the method of lake and marsh research by Born et al to the valley type irrigation pond group in Hiroshima Prefecture.
The groundwater inflow rate and groundwater outflow rate flow rate balance formula and radon balance formula were groundwater inflow rate and groundwater outflow rate water quality and radon concentration measurement of surface water in- and outflow quantity measurement of irrigation pond, and groundwater inflow rate and groundwater outflow rate from irrigation pond were obtained by solving this simultaneous equation. (Machine assisted translation) irrigation pond and groundwater outflow rate from irrigation pond were measured.
We discuss the relation between the curvature perturbation spectrum mass spectrum primordial black holes produced on bulky inflation Randall ‐ Sundrum type ‐ 2 cosmology and the resulting mass spectrum. Randall ‐ Sundrum type ‐ 2 cosmology is a type of cosmology in which the mass spectrum is a function of the mass of the primordial black hole.
The blue spectral index of the curvature perturbation is also discussed using the observed data of the extragalactic diffuse photon background.
We give a mass spectrum of primordial black holes and show that it is consistent with the standard spectrum of four dimensions on large scales.
We also give constraints on the blue spectra and the reheating temperature, which are stronger than the standard four ‐ dimensional one.
In the Agassiz icecap in Ellesmere Island, Canadian north pole archipelago, preliminary study uptake process of impurity surface of icecap was carried out in order to determine excavation site of ice core and to examine it in spring, 1992.
The snow cover was sampled continuously from the top of the icecap in pits of about 1.5m deep in total in 3 places, 2 places near the top and 1 place in the slightly downstream area.
The main ionic components of the Agassiz icecap were found to show clear seasonal changes. yearly net increment of the Agassiz icecap was about 40cm.
The core samples collected by the same icecap can be analyzed and analyzed to elucidate the past climate and environmental history. [1993.3].
The research on the development of geothermal water in Japan started in 1955\'s.
The geothermal water market is a large market for future drilling and groundwater pumping industry in Japan.
However, attention is necessary, because some hot spring wells contain combustible gas such as methane, and may cause accident.
And, in drilling well, it is necessary to analyze geological strata geologically so as not to dig useless or noxious wells.
The operation simulation and treatment of the eyeball using the finite element method were studied.
Using 3-D internal structure microscope, serial cross-sectional images of the eyeball were obtained.
From the data, the segmentation of the eyeball tissue was carried out, and the mesh was made by the digitization of individual data.
Voxel mesh method was compared with mapped mesh method for preparation of the mesh, and the mapped mesh method was adopted.
As the result, mesh preparation method suitable for the finite element analysis was established, and the mesh of the eyeball which carried out the part division in each organization of the eyeball on the mesh was made.
In order to restore the balance of intracellular and extracellular osmotic pressure, many plants synthesize and accumulate a compound called compatible solutes in cells, when water shortage of plant cells occurs by inhibition of water absorption by salt stress and drying.
As the compatible solutes, glycine betaine (betaine), zwitterionic proline, polyols such as pinitol, sorbitol, mannitol, etc. are known.
Using genetic engineering technique, the research was advanced for the purpose of improving the salt tolerance of plants by introducing betaine-synthesizing gene into plants without betaine-synthesizing gene.
This paper outlines 1) spinach betaine-synthesizing gene, 2) mangrove betaine-synthesizing gene, 3) Amaranthus betaine-synthesizing gene, 4) low and high temperature resistance of barley BADH gene-introduced transgenic rice plants, and 5) mangrove betaine transporter.
The iron accumulation mechanism in the liver is described in comparison with the iron repletion syndrome, and in addition, recent knowledge of the iron removal therapy is outlined.
expression control of TfR, DMT-1, ferritin, FP-1 by the iron regulation protein (IRP) system and negative control of TfR function by HFE are adjusting the iron intake in hepatocytes.
And, the iron absorption from the duodenum is adjusted by the transporter (DMT-1 and ferroportin - 1) of the duodenum.
It has been clarified that hyperferremia is caused by abnormality of these genes.
Recently, hepcitidin and hemojuvelin have been found to control iron absorption from the duodenum.
Some azoospermic men have lost the region of the Y chromosome including heat shock transcription factor on a Y chromosome (HSFY).
The expression of mouse HSFV-like sequence (mHSFYL) which is the mouse ortholog was analyzed by insitu hybridization, and it was proven that it mainly appears in the testis around sperm cells testes.
Biological species with genes similar to HSFY / mHSFYL were searched in the database, and were recognized in mammals such as cattle, dogs, and chickens in addition to humans and mice.
The effect of 2,3,7,8-tetrachlorodibenzo-p-dioxin (TCDD) on the intestinum tenue was examined from the viewpoint of form and function.
The nucleus / cell ratio in epithelial cells of the small intestinal villus tended to increase by TCDD treatment.
In TCDD exposed C57BL / 6J mouse, the glucose absorption power in the intestinum tenue increased, as a result of examining the effect on glucose absorption power.
The possibility of sugar transporter SGLUT1 and glucose transporter 2mRNA increase, SGLUT1 protein increase, lactase, increase in the maltase activities, etc. was indicated.
The promotion of the glucose absorption power was indicated to be a mechanism to compensate decrease of the internal sugar utilization efficiency by dioxin.
In the life activity, there is dynamic life activity which can not be simply predicted from the functional analysis of gene sequence and protein.
As the representative example, space pattern formation such as chromosomes structure is taken up.
The chromosome band number was used as information of chromosome position, and the chromosome in which the number was assigned was collected, and whether there was the functional position was examined.
As the result, there was not always the agreement between position of the one-dimensional genome and chromosome position.
Concerning the nutritional stage of Q. serrata young trees which received two kinds of insect damage of high and low soil fertility, the correspondence situation to compensation was compared.
In this experiment, compensation value was specified for all leaves of the saplings. certain level of compensation was applied to the leaves of the saplings.
After that, branches were grown in the plots with different soil fertilities. branch growth was observed in the plots with different soil fertility.
Growth of buds and elongation of branches were caused by factors unique to Quercus serrata, and the response to eating damages was controlled by individual levels.
The elongation of the damaged secondary and tertiary branches was significantly worse when the soil fertility was poor.
A biosensor array using PEG with methoxy and thiol end groups was developed to form Au surface cytophilic micro-patterning.
The Au surface was treated with a buffer solution of MeO-PEG-SHs with molecular weight of 2k and 5k to form a cell repellent surface.
A plasma etching technique was then used to form a micro cytophilic array.
A cytophilic microarray of 10 μm in diameters and 100 μm in spacing was successfully formed.
The gravity oscillation characteristics by the functional depression of system and central nervous system which maintain the body balance with aging were examined, and a part of the mechanism which caused the erection impossible by the lowering of the body function was clarified. standing upright becomes impossible by the aging.
The center of gravity oscillation characteristics in plantar in-plane were examined using the center of gravity oscillometer.
front-back or crosswise directions (or both directions) of displacement increased rapidly when falling under the influence of drinking. (3) The oscillation of the oscillation displacement increased rapidly in the case of overturned under the influence of drinking
In this case, the distance of the center of gravity increased rapidly in the anterior direction (or both directions), leading to the fall.
The p-p value of the center of gravity oscillation velocity amplitude in the front-back or crosswise directions (or both directions) just before the fall increased rapidly.
And, the examinee who the speed change in the normal time was generally small had the long time to the overturning.
The purpose of this study was to analyze whether fetal development determines postnatal growth patterns and body compositions in school health checkup participants in Tenryu City.
There was the sex difference in blood leptin levels of low-birth-weight children.
And, it was indicated that the birth weight (prenatal growth) determined the growth pattern after the birth.
These results indicate that prenatal environments are important factors in determining postnatal growth patterns and body composition.
Increased metabolic syndrome including obesity has become a social problem.
Netea et al. reported that IL-18 worked for obesity and insulin resistance inhibitory.
Authors compared IL-18 knockout mouse and wild type mouse.
As the result, the IL-18 knockout mouse increased body weight, somatic fat rate and food intake over 6 〜 24 months.
That is to say, it was shown that the deficiency of IL-18 was connected with obesity.
Among the genes which were frequently expressed in primordial germ cells (PGC), PGC7 was named for the gene with the seventh highest relative expression level.
This was the same as gene Stella announced from Cambridge Univ. later. (auther abst.) (auther abst. Kembridge University Press, 2000)
Subsequent studies revealed that PGC7 / Stella did not migrate to the maturation process of eggs, but to the nucleus at an early post-fertilization period to demonstrate its function.
In addition, PGC7 / Stella was found to inhibit demethylation.
As a grasping force measuring method for knowing level of function recovery of the patient, the development of the sensor using the change of optical propagation characteristics by the shape change of the fiber was tried.
The measuring sensitivity was 6.88mV / kg, and it was proven that it could measure 500g or less which can not be measured by the Smedley method used at present.
The measurement accuracy of the finger joint angle is 5 degrees.
The measurement range and sensitivity are changed by changing the shape of the part receiving external force. (auther abst.)
The characteristics of taurine uptake by human glioma cell were examined using T98 cell.
The taurine intake of T98 cells was Na + dependence and had high affinity systems, and phorbol ‐ 12, 13 ‐ dibutylate (I, 100nM) and isoproterenol (1μM) administration decreased it.
H ‐ 7 (100nM) did not affect EC50, but EC50 of taurine intake decreased from 41 to 83nM after 30min of pretreatment.
These results suggest that protein kinase c and cAMP are involved in taurine intake.
This paper reports the progress state of development of the automatic preparation apparatus of chromosomes\' specimens among the titled system.
The performance and operativeness of the apparatus manufactured for trial were evaluated by using it for a long time.
And, the research on the establishment of the cell fixation process suitable for the equipment was carried out.
The mechanical controls of temperature and humidity in the time of preparing the specimens reached almost goals.
operativeness, operability, appearance, noise, etc. of 10 points of improvement were indicated for the practical application. (auther abst.)
Galactose α1 → 3 galactose (GG) is specifically stained by GSI ‐ B4 lectin (GS).
Then, the cDNA of α ‐ 1, 3 ‐ galactosyltransferase involved in GG biosynthesis was recombined, and it was introduced into the mouse fertilized egg, and the transgenic mouse was made.
The uriniferous tubule and alveolar epithelium distributions of GG were small intestinal goblet cell and perispermatocyte, visual cell outer segment and alveolar epithelium. (abridged author abst.) (abst.) (abridged author abst.) (abst.) GS
The mice were proteinuria, depilation, low body weight and sudden death.
The synthesis of chitinase (K) antagonism type inhibitor (I) was advanced, and arosamidin (A) which was I of an insect, K was examined as a chitin starting material, and the total synthesis was succeeded this time.
In addition, the total synthesis of I of yeast K was achieved stereoselectively using dimethylarosamidine by utilizing the intermediate of the above synthesis.
Saccharomyces cerevisiae and Trichoderma genus showed potent inhibitory activity against the enzyme. (auther abst.) Bacillus subtilis and its analogues. (auther abst.) Bacillus subtilis and Bembycidae were also inhibited by the enzyme.
As a result, interrelation of structural activity was found to be useful. [1995.2].
This paper describes activation of congenital immunity induced by IL ‐ 12 and the cell group involved in it.
IL ‐ 12 is a differentiation factor which shows the activity which is common to T cell group with different positioning on the phylogeny.
In the cancer immunity, the action which stimulates the rotation of the sequence which follows the antigen peculiar recognition by cancer peptides, etc. seemed to be also able to be expected from the MHC non-constraint recognition.
The biological response of IL ‐ 12 resistance (congenital immunity) to cancer is also discussed.
The ion range at 3MV tandem accelerator beam line was controlled by the distance from the beam window to the target using the irradiation device for the cell.
The effect of penetrating power controlled irradiation on tobacco pollen as a model cell system for local irradiation was examined.
Leaked pollen, which was thought to be caused by cell membrane damage, was frequently observed at the end of the ion range.
In the steady flow, the fluid part (especially near the inflow part) showed lower signal intensity due to the signal lowering by the phase dispersion in the peristaltic flow than in the steady flow.
The signal lowering by the pulsation was obvious in stenotic peristaltic flow and flexal of the blood vessels.
The interval of the ghost artifact was proportional to repeating time and pulse rate. (abridged author abst.) (abridged author abst.) peristaltic flow was
The geographical distribution and clinico ‐ epidemiological features of the titled virus (C) are different by the difference of genotype.
The interferon sensitivity seems to be regulated by multiple factors.
The degree of severity of hepatitis may differ by genotypes.
There is no significant correlation with primary hepatic cancer.
In addition to the genotypes, there are many mutation of C, and it is possible to identify C strain of each patient and to examine route of infection, etc. based on it.
The nonlinear phenomena represented by the chaos in fractal are quantified by numerical analysis.
The fractal analysis of potentials related to events was carried out, and the results were used to investigate the fluctuating conditions of intelligent activities.
The peak corresponding to N100 or P300 is not clearly shown.
These results suggest that fractal analysis is more suitable for detecting changes in the induction quantity than peaks.
It has been considered that the balance of the autonomic nervous function is damaged by the exposure to the microgravity.
As a simulation of microgravity, the head down tilt (HDT) which lowered the head flat side of the left pollex by 6 degrees in bed was used, and the sweating amount was continuously measured by fixing the probe in the palm side of the left thumb. horizon.
The amount of sweating induced by hand grip during HDT (maximum grip strength for 5 seconds) was significantly lower in the sitting position than in the case without back pressure, but no difference was observed in the mental calculation load.
In normal cells, the telomere shortens every time it divides, and the cell ages when it exceeds a certain extreme value.
On the other hand, in tumor cells and immortalized cells, telomerase activity is supplemented, and telomere is maintained without further shortening, and the unlimited multiplication ability is acquired.
Therefore, the gene which controls the telomerase activity is regarded as one candidate of the cellular aging induction gene.
These results suggest the existence of an unknown telomerase controlling gene on chromosome 3 chromosome 3p14 → p21.
An active electrode with a transmission function to derive surface myogenic potential without pretreatment of skin and using conductive paste was experimentally produced.
This cordless electrode has no lead wire connecting the transmitter with the electrode like the conventional telemetry system, so that the burden of the experimenter can be reduced.
And, it is not affected by the noise by the fluctuation of the lead wire either. reciprocation of the lead wire is also not affected.
These results suggest that the method is useful for the measurement of electrocardiograms and brain wave measurements.
The telomerase activity is high in reproductive cells and cancer cells.
Using elongation PCR assay developed by authors, telomerase activity of normal and canceration blood cells was analyzed.
The activity was high in the cells of young individuals, especially newborn infant, and very little in those over 30 years old.
In leukemia cells, it was very high.
Based on the data of Marcel T and Grausz D, present conditions of gene therapy are introduced.
Since gene therapy was first applied to human in 1990, the number of subjects has rapidly increased year by year.
The indication which was limited to the intractable diseases of the seriousness at the beginning has gradually expanded to the chronic diseases, as the safety is confirmed.
At present, the research of gene therapy is being developed in three directions of development of gene transduction method, research on the strategy, and development of the model.
A case of systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) administration of the above drug (L) for a 41-year-old woman who had been receiving steroid therapy is reported.
The ulcers with necrotic tissues appeared in the right anterior shin bone division afterwards, and exacerbated gradually pain and cold sense of the right lower leg were realized. subjective symptoms were coolness and pain.
With wound treatments such as ulcers, the pain was relieved, when L was administered intravenously at 10μg / day for 4 weeks, and the ulcer of the lower leg was reduced.
No side effect was observed during the treatment.
CGRP is secreted from the sensory nerve region to the heart muscle.
48 ‐ hour administration of CGRP increased the surface area of new born rat myocardial cells by about two times.
In addition, CGRP up ‐ regulates mRNA expression for skeletal muscle α actin and atrial natriuresis peptide.
The walking conditions of the artificial leg foot were measured for flatland and slope way in order to obtain the data which can be adapted for walking mode except for the flatland.
The bending moment and subjective evaluation obtained by the semiconductor strain gauge stuck in the lower leg pipe division were collected.
The angles of the base dorsiflexion were measured in inclination angles of 5 and 7 degrees.
In the slope way walking, the walking was the easiest, when plantar flexion and dorsiflexion were changed in proportion to the angle of the slope.
Using image information and knowledge of form and motion for the measurement object, the method which can measure the motion without attaching gauge marks, etc. was developed.
A horse\'s gait was photographed from the side, and dimensions and positions of the geometric model were determined from one image in it by the hand method.
The luminance distribution of the geometric model area was acquired, and the template was made.
From the following images, geometric models were superimposed on the images for each segment, and the joint position and joint angle of the horse at that time were made.
This paper describes speeding up of the processing, robustness evaluation, and accuracy.
The heart rate and emotional sweating quantity were measured simultaneously, when the program was given as a mental stimulation, and the correlation between both was examined.
The normalization dispersion value of the emotional sweating quantity under 2 kinds of programs and dispersion of the heart rate were considerably correlativity.
And, there was a case in which there was the high correlation between normalization dispersion value of the emotional sweating quantity and dispersion of the heart rate during the program preparation and there was a case in which there was almost no correlation.
Further experiments are needed.
This paper outlines the complicated interaction between immune system of pig and PCV2.
Evidence that PCV2 is the main pathogen of pig under appropriate environment and management conditions is introduced.
pig multiorgan-underdeveloped after weaning syndrome (PMWS) is one of the essential conditions for inducing PCV2-infected pigs to have extensive stimulation of the immune system.
And, PCV2 itself is the indispensable pathogen in lethal PMWS.
Effective immunological response to pathogens other than PCV2 is insufficient in PMWS-contracted pigs.
On the immunosuppressive condition in PMWS, PCV2 may be an immunodeficiency important factor which occurs secondarily under certain environments, based on clinic, pathological, and immunological observation recognized in the field.
A collection survey was carried out on reef coasts in the northern region of Ibaraki Prefecture.
Large species were collected directly, while small species were collected by sieve net and bottom soil.
In the small-type Crustacea, Paracanthomysis hispida of Mysidae, and Caprella japonica and C. tsugarensis of Caprellidae were confirmed for the first time in Ibaraki Prefecture.
2 species of 2 families in Pedunculata, 3 species of 3 families in Sessilia, and 10 species of 5 families in Decapoda were obtained as large-type Crustacea.
Since the survey was limited to the intertidal zone, the number of species obtained was small.
This paper arranges collected species, collection sites, and collection dates including the survey result until now, and shows them.
In order to examine evaluation method on activation of agricultural village region, field survey of 5 regions which seemed to be high degree of vitalization was vitalized.
The regional activation process was arranged as a flow of \"input\" - > \"activity\" - > \"result\" - > \"achievement\" to examine whether various regional developments and activities for activation are cooperation and cooperation.
In addition, the check sheet for the sustainable regional activation was prepared from precipitation of the system which produced the regional activation, regional activation process analysis and system analyses. activated regions were classified into three groups according to the following items: 1)
In the analysis using the statistics by the village, the item which showed the activation status was totaled, and it was proven to be related to the factor which shows the level of village activation.
In the analysis of the questionnaire, it became clear that there was a gap between activation level calculated directly from the statistical index and overall evaluation of the view.
In the covariance structure analysis, it became clear that direct effect (production activation effects) of social capital was high in cities and regions except for the suburbs.
The following are outlined: Movement, utilization and application, outline of fishery, biological characteristics, resource situation, and management measures of swordfish in the Northwest Atlantic region in recent one year.
VPA resource assessment and non-equilibrium production model were carried out using stock index estimated from data on trawl fishing in each country in SCRS of ICCAT in 2002.
Both analytical results show good recruitment after 1997 and resource recovery by decrease in catch, and good recruitment is expected in the future if excessive catch is avoided.
In ICCAT, the recovery plan which returns the resource level to MSY (maximum sustainable production) level with the probability over 50% in 10 years from 2000 to 2009 is prepared.
As resources management measures, it was recommended that TAC was 13,900 tons in 2003 and 14,000 tons in 2004 and 2005, and that the catch of small individuals (smaller fish (mandibular forks length 125cm, weight less than 25kg) was kept to zero in main fishery and by-catch fishery to 15% or less. ICCAT was recommended to be 13,900 tons in 2003 and 14,000 tons in 2004 and 2005.
This paper outlines the background of sea turtles and fishery, biological characteristics of sea turtles, present state of resources and management measures.
All species of sea turtles are listed in Appendix I of the Washington Convention, regardless of the size and trend of the population of the type. (1) all the species are listed in Appendix I of the Washington Treat lists.
Accidental capture by deep-sea fishing is often regarded as deterioration of spawning grounds except for coastal fishery and fishery, deterioration of spawning grounds and deterioration of spawning grounds, and damage on their eggs and theft are considered to be large in reality. deep-sea fishing is a problem in many cases, and various regulations and enlightenment are carried out.
It is necessary to promote the sea turtle protection by the cooperation with the specialist, because the decrease in the individual number may be caused by improper management, etc..
The three-dimensional exploration cost for measurement and analysis, and it has not come to the practical application.
A labor-saving type three-dimensional electrical exploration method which analyzes a small number of two-dimensional exploration traverse line data placed in the exploration range in three-dimensional was considered, and the analytical error caused by three-dimensional inhomogeneity of the ground was reduced.
In this method, the underground structure can be grasped with high-efficiency and high accuracy at lower cost than the conventional three-dimensional exploration.
In the field, this method can be utilized by the conventional technique, and the three-dimensional exclusive equipment is not required.
Conditions under which agriculture with a sound hydrological cycle is established were examined from the viewpoint of management and economics.
The groundwater recharging function by paddy field impounding activities in rural areas along river basins was noticed, and the water resource conserving effect in the downstream region by this was evaluated.
The interview survey for farm managers was carried out, and theoretical examination and application to actual conditions on the formation condition were examined from the viewpoint of analytical agricultural management and environmental economics.
For the quality maintenance of rose cut flower, GLCA (new drug prescription) using isothiazoline system antibacterial agent was developed.
And, 5-chloro-2-methyl-4-isothiazoline-3-on and 2-methyl-4-isothiazoline-3-on liquid mixture CMI / MI were used as the isothiazoline system antibacterial agent.
Glucose 10g / l, isothiazoline system antibacterial agent 0.5ml / l, citric acid 30mg / l and aluminium sulfate 50mg / l were optimum for the mixing ratio of GLCA. glucose 10g / l, isothiazoline system antibacterial agent 0.5ml / l, citric acid 30mg / l and aluminum sulfate 50mg
By this prescription, moisture permeation conductivity was kept at the level right after harvest, and the quality preservation period was extended compared with the conventional prescription.
Three tests on proteome analysis and metabolome analysis were carried out to examine the stability of introduced genes in recombinant crops.
The transcriptome analysis was performed using germinating soybeans microarray analysis to examine the qualitative and quantitative variation of RNA expression, which is a obstacle to the transcriptome analysis.
As the result, there were individual differences and difference in RNA expression by the extraction method in local varieties.
Then, the cheap and simple treatment of specimens was enabled by using the multiple-specimen crusher for RNA extraction.
A large section laminated wood bridge of span length 145m and effective width 5m was completed in Hiroshima Prefectural Central Forest Park.
The construction method is complicated, because simple girder bridge can be combined with various members such as connecters.
The creosote oil is pressurized as a corrosion prevention measure, and all junctions of the truss member are bolt ‐ jointed.
Zenkoku Nogyo Kozo Kaizen Kyokai (corporation) commercializing persimmon processed goods and sales measures as a persimmon village planning business, and Azuma village were investigated and diagnosed on the improvement direction of multipurpose agricultural product processing facilties, and advised and guided.
Problems and problems were grasped by analyzing the present state of agriculture and forestry in Higashimura.
The conditions for goods to be provided are mentioned.
On the improvement of the sales system, the direct sales \"U ‐ pack\" persimmon producers\' cooperative association and the cooperative \"U ‐ pack\" persimmon producers\' cooperative association were proposed. \"U ‐ pack\" mail order system was proposed as a sales
As facilities for persimmon village planning, yield prediction and processable quantity were examined, and harvest collection / selection fields drying / fumigation chambers, store ‐ houses, agricultural processing facilities, etc. and the scales were shown as necessary facilities.
This paper proposes cultural facilities and composite industries such as local foods and sale of specialties as a measure to stop passing tourists.
National Land Agency Corporation for Zenkoku Nogyo Kozo Kaizen Kyokai (National Association for Improvement of Agricultural Structure) conducted a survey on Daisen Town based on the subject of the establishment of the Land Agency.
The results of the third mountain village promotion business of Daisen Town are almost as planned except for field improvement.
On the improvement of living environments, the improvement situation and improvement direction of facilities such as dwelling house, road and traffic are described.
Present state of production and sales of agriculture and forestry is clarified, and next, promotion of local industries and development of special products are described.
agriculture and forestry for sightseeing, production of special products, cooperation between sales and city residents, resort development and improvement as promotion measures of mountain villages related to sightseeing development and resort development are mentioned. links between sales and city inhabitants, and development and improvement as health resort and pleasure resort places are described.
Future issues such as creation of business opportunities related to mountain village promotion, rearing of new industries and establishment of a third sectors in charge of various business are indicated. [1994.2] upbringing of new industries and establishment of a third sector in charge of various business are pointed out.
This paper examines soil force fluctuation and soil productivity improvement measures by the andosol plowed field improvement material on the title.
In cabbage, organic fertilization showed increased productivity effect, and nitrogen nitrogen input decreased in organic fertilization zone, but nitrogen, phosphoric acid, and potassium utilization rate of compost differed by the kind of manure.
The nitrogen supply force of the andosol soil was considered to be higher in the yellow soil than in the black soil.
The heavy metal content rate of zinc in pig excrement stable manure zone was a little high.
The effect of mixed feed supply in the nursing and rearing period on dry material intake and growth speed was examined. nurture or breeding periods were divided into two groups.
As for the feed intake, the stagnation of the morning grasses intake by eating artificial milk more in the mixed ward in the nursing stage occurred. upbringing periods in mixed intake areas were as follows: 1)
The feed intake in the mixed area exceeded after the middle breeding eriods, and in the 18 month old weight, the mixed area became 477 ± 28 kg, and the separate areas became 451 ± 14 kg.
The reproductive ability of the first gastic juice was not different from that of the second gastric juice. [1994.10] blood characteristics and reproductive ability were not different.
Environmental pollution by excessive packaging and waste has become a serious problem.
As one of the countermeasures, the development of biodegradable plastic for container and packaging material is examined.
Biopole, Bionole, Ractie, Ecomati AX, and Potetoray are introduced as representative examples which are on the market in Japan at present. Ecomatie AX is a new type of biopole.
The biodegradable plastic is used for food packaging and related laws and regulations, and the safety of products after decomposition is also mentioned.
The growth characteristics and suitable tree variety \"Gyokuei\" were clarified under the warm pluvial condition, and the suitable growth standards were set. \"Gyokuei\" was selected as the suitable tree figure.
The effect of early leaf abscission on flower bud character and the relation between growth characteristics and yield of high production tree were examined.
As an induction technique to the suitable growth and maturation pattern, the utilization of plant growth regulators was examined.
PP ‐ 333, S ‐ 327D, improved C ‐ MH and KUH ‐ 833 were available for the prevention of current shoot spindly growth.
The titled variety of paddy rice is good quality and good eating quality, and is a late \"late\" of the late ‐ season breed in Miyagi Prefecture.
\"Sasanishiki\" will be adopted as a recommended variety in the prefecture for cool damage prevention and dispersion of cutting time by dispersion of heading time.
Since the cold resistance is weak, deep water control is necessary to keep young spike warm when low temperature is expected in the dangerous stage, though the probability of encountering low temperature in the ear bulboot stage is low because of late ‐ season breed.
The rice blast disease field resistance was moderate for rice leaves blight.
The Shimajiri group mudstone in Okinawa is classified into Neogene mudstone.
In the mudstone region, the case in which SS concentration of turbid water discharged from the development business field exceeds 10,000 mg / l is frequent. S S concentrations of the mudstone are high.
Kunigami Mergel is estimated to be about 8 times more easily discharged from mudstone land improvement sites than Kunigami Merger from the comparison of SS concentrations of turbine water discharged from the land improvement projects.
The runoff mechanism was mainly caused by slaking in cutting sites, and water erosion and collapse of creaked portion were also observed.
On the other hand, large growth of gully by water erosion was observed in the banking sites.
The hardness of soil directly or indirectly affects the root growth of crops.
The relationship between root extension and soil hardness has been evaluated by indirect measurement of loam hardness.
Then, the effect of soil hardness on the penetration of roots was manufactured by simulating root pin penetrometer, and soil hardness was measured, and penetrating soil was experimentally carried out.
It was suggested that the soil hardness by the pin penetrometer enabled the measurement of the penetration of the root, but the penetration of the root was affected not only by the soil hardness but also by the pore of the soil.
The total population of large soil animals in the pasture sprayed with slurry was smaller than that in the chemical fertilizer zone, but increased in the fourth year manuring irrigation experiment result.
Acarine and Collembola were not extracted in the fourth year.
Though nematodes decreased in the fourth year in the chemical fertilizer zone, the ratio of root eating increased in all the zones, which was considered to be due to the development of the grazing grass root group. animals to eat root were divided into two groups according to the growth of the grazing grass root group.
In the slurry sprayed zone, bacteria and actinomyces were more abounding than chemical fertilizer zone soil microflora, but cellulose decompositin rate and mold number were less.
lightweight paper mulch paddy field laying and rice transplanting seedlings were developed for passenger type rice transplanter with working capacity of about 14a / h. rideable rice transplanter was developed.
mulch laying on paddy field, self decay time of mulch, etc., were examined setting of development specification and investigation of system for narrowing down the realization system one person rideable passenger type, seedling injury protecting, etc..
A commercial mulch rice transplanter to investigate the planting accuracy and workability of mulching paper was developed. (1) The paper quality was evaluated by the use of the mulch rice transplanter. (2) The working properties of the paper were evaluated by the use of the mulch rice transplanter.
This paper outlines the results and development and trial manufacture of mulch paper and rice transplanter based on these results.
\"Individualization corner\" of the titled vegetable handling wholesaler is introduced.
This paper describes the background of the establishment of the titled \"Individual horticultural products section\" such as safety and health oriented production and correspondence to consumption, and excavation of agricultural products buried in mass distribution.
And, this paper explains the installation of \"Individual horticultural products section\" such as progress situation and approach in the installation.
Finally, this paper explains excavation of goods handled and future direction.
In 160 Japanese black cattle breeding farmhouse, 14 heads contracted disease in 26-33 months age, and 2 heads died, and 4 heads were shipped at early stage.
As a result of pathological and bacteriolgic inspection, it was diagnosed as the disease in the title. shipped cattle and dead cattle were sampled.
And, the coccidia oocyst was detected from 8 heads in the examination of feces of 9 heads.
The parasitism of Coccidia damaged the mucosa, and the growth and breeding of Clostridium perfuringens were suitable for aberrant growth, and the shipped cattle died, and necrotizing enteritis seemed to be caused.
The autosomal dominant inheritance family history suffering the frequently occurring diabetes mellitus under 25-year-old is named MODY (M).
This paper explains the classification of M by causative genes (M causative genes from M1 to M5), the direct sequence method as a identification method of M causative genes, and the utilization of DHPLC.
hyposecretion of insulin is a characteristic of M gene by abnormality of the gene which works pancreas β-cells.
However, the abnormality of M gene discovered until now is about 20% of M, and the rest is unknown.
The perivascular space (PVS) of the cerebral hemisphere white matter artery (medullary artery) was depicted by high-magnetic field MRI (1.5T asymptomatic cerebral infarction patient of 20, normal person of 10, infant of 21 examples without the neurological abnormality in fiscal 2000.
In PVS, the limbic was basically fixed, the boundary was clear, and the opinion such as the largest diameter of 3mm or less and along the artery in the cerebral parenchyma was shown without the change in the circumference.
PVS was expanded with the aging.
PVS of the medullary artery was markedly dilated in the multiple lacunar infarction cases.
In patients with hypertension, the expansion was further enhanced.
These findings suggest that the PVS of the medullary artery is more dilated with the progress of the medullary arteriosclerosis.
Though cementless socket has been installed directly on reconstructed defective part of acetabular cartridge bone by the homogeneous bone transplantation, the transfer of the socket by the collaps of the transplanted bone was recognized in all cases, though there is a difference in degree.
In order to prevent postoperative collapse of the grafted bone, the operation using supportring has been carried out jointly since 1984.
The technique and radiological result are outlined. (Machine assisted translation) 1) The technique of the support-ring method is described.
Forty ‐ five joints of 42 patients (12 men and 30 women, 40 〜 82 ‐ year ‐ old) were treated.
In the case in which the homogeneous bone was transplanted in the load division support-ring and strut-screw were used jointly, the initial stage firm fixation was obtained.
When the grafted bone was implanted and remodeling was completed, the component was stabilized at the position where it was installed.
Using octacalcium phosphate (OCP), a precursor of apatite in vivo, as a paste, fusion into dentine by the irradiation of the carbon dioxide laser was tested.
The paste made of calcium diphosphoric acid calcium dihydrate and calcium carbonate dentine was melted with dentinal tubule by the irradiation of the carbon dioxide laser, and a part of dentinal tubule was closed.
The paste of OCP was not only bound to the dentinal tubule but also specifically bound to the surrounding dentine surface.
dentine hyperesthesia and possibility of strengthening dentine plane after caries treatment were indicated dentine fusion layer was formed in the dentin by the calcium phosphate salt coating in the carbon dioxide laser irradiation.
Budd-Chiari syndrome (BCS) has been advocated the congenital vascular anomaly theory from the past.
However, the acquired thrombus theory seems to be the origin part of the hepatic vein origin stenosis and blockade recently, because thrombus and the organization can explain membranous structure.
In this study, the gene polymorphism of codons 830 and 897 of factor V was examined in Japanese BCS cases and Nepal BCS cases of the sample preservation center.
As the result, the gene polymorphism of factor V was recognized codons 830 and 897 in 6 places, and the missense mutants were recognized.
The diffusion weighted image (DWI) which was the latest MRI imaging method was enforced for 31 cases and 58 lesions which indicated the hepatic tumor in other inspection.
DWI was difficult to visualize in 10 lesions, including 4 lesions less than 5mm in size, 3 lesions about 1cm, and 3 lesions about 2cm in tumor size. depiction by DWI was difficult in all cases.
The size of the diaphragm was larger than 1cm in the case not depicted in the case close to the diaphragm or after the treatment of primary hepatic cancer, etc..
The tumor with the size over 5mm can be depict, and it is useful for the diagnosis by the combined use with other MRI photographing technique and test methods.
On lower limb artery imaging CT which enabled the wide photographing by MDCT, usefulness and problems of the evaluation by the 3D reconstruction image were mentioned, and the improvement measures were examined.
Subjects are 20 cases 46 lesions of arteriosclerosis obliterans in which CTA of the lower limb was enforced.
As the result, the case in which the 3D image was inferior to the original image in both central group and peripheral group reached the half.
In 14 lesions with calcification disturbance, the patency of lumen was compared between 3D image and original image.
In the advanced calcification group in which the calcification ranged from 3 / 4 to the whole circumference, the difference was close to 60%, and it was proven that the difference expanded for the evaluation.
On 16 positions with the collateral blood vessel, 3D image and original image were compared, and the 3D image in which 15 positions were equal to the original image was obtained collateral vessel.
Repair ability of articular cartilage, repair by bone marrow stimulation and repair by autologus cartilage cell transplantation are described.
Repair of the osteochondral defect by aotologus bone marrow stromal cell transplantation in the rabbit is outlined.
Results of the repair of cartilage defect by autologus bone marrow stromal cell transplantation in the human are explained.
Good repair result was recognized in the cell transplantation group.
Future problems such as selection of cell population for transplantation, administration of growth factor and gene introduction are explained.
In order to clarify the operation room and intensive care unit (ICU), average dust numbers, air-floating fungus numbers and dropping bacterial colony numbers footwear were compared and examined before and after the footgear entrance (a-pair-of-shoes system) introduction. average dust numbers, airborne fungus numbers and falling bacterial colony numbers were compared.
On the operation room in use, the average dust number slightly increased after introduction of the a-pair-of-shoes system, and the frequency which exceeded NASA class 10,000 significantly increased.
There was no change in the average dust number of the operating room under non-use.
There was no significant change in the average dust number of ICU, but the frequency of NASA class 10,000 or less increased.
air-floating fungus number and dropping bacterial colony number did not change before and after the introduction of the a-pair-of-shoes system in operation room and ICU.
In the operating room and ICU with air conditioning equipment, it was indicated that the a-pair-of-shoes system did not affect the air cleanliness.
This paper reports the development and in vivo test of hydroxyapatite based porous artificial bone material.
An apatite hydroxide porous material was developed by foaming slurry method to ensure excellent bone conductivity and strength. (1) The pore size of bubbles and interconnected pores was optimized. (2) The pore size of continuous through-holes was optimized by foaming slurry method.
And, it also has the high applicability for the application to the bone regeneration using myeloid cells.
By optimizing pH and temperature conditions, apatite / collagen fibril composite material with the orientation direction was prepared from the solution of phosphoric acid, calcium and collagen.
This composite material was mixed with collagen solution, and the soft material of the sponge state was produced.
By the animal experiment, excellent bioabsorbability and bone regenaration characteristic animal test have been confirmed.
In elbow joint backward dislocation (medial collateral ligament damage), the injury which combines radius head fracture and elbow bone state protrusion fracture is called terribletriad (TT), and it is often difficult for the treatment.
The treatment outcome of elbow joint TT11 cases is introduced.
The bloody treatment was enforced in 10 cases, and the conservative treatment only of the gypsum fixation was carried out in 1 case.
By positively osteosynthesis of radius head fracture and ulnar elbow bone protrusion fracture, the comparatively good result was obtained.
It is desirable that the postoperative external fixation is kept within 2 weeks.
The ligament reconstruction for anterior cruciate ligament (ACL) of the knee, etc. has accomplished remarkable progress.
Basic research of recent ACL ligament reconstruction is described.
Examination of joint kinematics after ACL reconstruction using robotics and examination of postoperative grafting tendon healing acceleration effect using growth factors are outlined.
As an application of the tissue engineering cell therapy to ACL reconstruction, the application to the knee ligament reconstruction using fibrin sealant is highly possible.
For the basic research of band reconstructive surgery, biomechanics research and examination bilateral of biological research are important.
At first, this paper describes recurrence sites in the thoracic esophageal carcinectomy case, examination methods of lymph node recurrence and selection of therapy for lymph node recurrence.
Indications of the operation for lymph node recurrence in mediastinum and abdomen are explained.
In addition, lymph node dissection for lymph node recurrence after chemoradiation therapy is described.
The kinship amyloid polyneuropathy (FAP) is not a disease with the region specificity, and it is the disease with comparatively high frequency in our country inheritance neuropathy.
In this country, over 60 patients have already received this treatment.
After the transplantation, the progress of peripheral nerve disease symptom and automatic neuropathy symptom is stopped, and the postoperative five year survival rate is 77%.
The postoperative course of the patient who is early after the pathopoiesis, and there are no heart and renal disturbance, and who is in good nutritional state is good.
It was explained that there was the recognition that FAP could escape from the intractable disease by popularization of gene diagnosis and introduction of liver transplantation as a treatment.
Though it is rare to experience the non-specific reaction in the routine test, it is examined to the cause retrieval, and reagent improvement is not done at all.
This time, HBs antigen (Ag) and HBe antigen were measured in the hematologic disease, and the cause of the non-specific reaction was examined, and the improvement of the reagent was experienced, and it was introduced.
The measurement of HBs antigen, antibody (Ab), HBe antigen, antibody and HCV antibody was started ELISA (enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay) by the ELSIA-F750 automatic immunity measuring device from June, 1997.
non-specific reaction of HBsAg and HBeAg reagent resulted in infection test case of acute myeloid leukemia of bone marrow transplantation hospitalized for the purpose of the untreated, and the diagnosis was erroneously reported as suspected of initial stage of hepatitis B infection.
The measurement process and each reagent composition were carried out in the exclusive measurement container of F-750 in which antibody protein is not combined in order to confirm whether the unspecific substance has already combined in the primary reaction and to observe the difference by the reagent composition between items.
The non-specific reaction was avoided by adding 1% casein solution to HBsAg and HBeAg buffer solution or by changing blocking agent addition. avoidance of the non-specific reaction was possible by adding 1% casein solution to HBsAg buffer solution.
Recently, non-alcoholic fatty hepatic disorder (NAFLD) rapidly increases by the change of the lifestyle habit.
The etiology of NAFLD is mainly obesity and insulin resistance, and most cases combine lifestyle-related diseases.
NAFLD is nonalcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH), and it progresses to liver cirrhosis and hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) disease state, though the disease state does not progress in the fatty liver in most cases.
The fibrillation of NASH and the seriousness predictor and liver cirrhosis are described, and the relation between obesity and NASH and NAFLD and the relation between NASH and HCC are described.
Cases in the title of 54-year-old and 84-year-old women are reported.
In case 1, anti-cancer drugs leaked out extravasation during chemical therapy after the operation of ovarian cancer, and reddening, induration, skin ulcer were generated.
In case 2, reddening, induration and skin ulcer occurred during chemical therapy for liver metastasis of rectal cancer.
In both cases, conservative treatment was performed.
Surgical treatment was carried out, when the boundary of the lesion became clear.
The postoperative course was uneventful in both cases.
Three patients with lumbar spinal canal stenosis who developed paraplegia were studied.
There was no significant improvement in the postoperative paralysis in any of the 3 cases.
It is considered that the long period to the operation was a result bad factor in case 1 and 2.
On the other hand, in cases of 3, though the period to the operation was short, the result was considered to be bad, since there was the advanced paralysis of MMT1.
The disease state including cauda equina type with the bladder dysfunction in the elderly over 70-year-old, the case in which the period to the operation is long and the case in which the paralysis is advanced, is not always considered to not obtain the significant improvement of the paralysis by the operation.
National Hospital Organization Kanmon Medical Center (National Shimonoseki Hospital) opened the comprehensive woman medical care service on September 30, 2002.
The initial diagnosis patient number counted 808 persons in 3 years and 1 month from the establishment to October 31, 2005.
The following were outlined: History of the opening, flow of the medical care, needs of the medical examinee, medical care outline, networks inside and outside the hospital.
The screening MRI was reexamined, and especially, the intervertebral disk high signal which seemed to be the highest frequency on the case diagnosed as infectivity myelitis was examined.
Among the T2 stress images of lumbar MRI 684 cases (355 men and 349 women, 5 months to 89-year-old), the case presenting the intervertebral disk high signal was recognized in 298 cases.
Based on the findings of purulent spondylitis, the shape and high signal pattern of the intervertebral disk in the T2 stress image were classified into 7 patterns.
The T pattern of flattening unmade low signal intervertebral disk point state high signal which is a typical signal strength was shown, and there were 8 cases without the impression like the purulent spondylitis.
In these cases, soft tissue hyperplasia and abnormality in end plate signal strength were not observed.
The normal intervertebral disk and the lumber vertebrae herniated disk are deformative lumbar disease and compressed fracture, and there are some cases showing the pattern, and it is necessary to synthetically diagnose it with soft part shadow and pyramid abnormal signal strength.
The indication of conservative treatment for carpal tunnel syndrome (CTS) is different by seriousness in the initial diagnosis, contraction periods, age, subjective symptoms such as numbness, etc..
Surgery may be recommended for the aged who complained of the pain without adhering to the conservative treatment operation.
As the practice of conservative treatment, steroid injection and apparatus therapy are compared.
Though the equivalent therapeutic effect can be expected on anyway, the possibility of complication and recurrence is also possible in steroid therapy.
The CTS is abounding for the elderly woman, and the life guidance is important, when there is the overuse of the hand.
The side effects of oral anticancer drug used widely in the mammary cancer ambulatory treatment and the countermeasures are outlined.
The positioning of the oral anticancer drug in the mammary cancer treatment is described.
As characteristic side effects of oral anticancer drugs and antimetabolites (anorexia, nausea and vomiting, bone marrow suppression, etc hemorrhagic cystitis, etc.) and alkylating agents are mentioned.
In addition, interactions and points in patient compliance instruction are shown.
The serum interleukin 18 (IL-18) concentration was examined as a clinical parameter in the burn.
total burn section area (TBSA) was 27.1% (1 〜 93%) on average, and burn index (BI) was 19.6 on average.
The seriousness (SOFA score) showed the positive correlation with the oxygenation index which was negative.
And, the average of the survivor was 334pg / mL, while the average of the death person was 626pg / mL, and the average value of the survivor was lower than the death person.
These results suggest that serum IL-18 concentration may be a useful clinical parameter for the inflammatory reaction by burn.
Results by total hip arthroplasty (THA) are stabilized in the medium term.
For the orthopedists, it is an important duty to avoid the complications.
The disease state of postoperative dislocation is explained.
socket component installation abnormality, pelvis and femur collision by the retention bone spur, collision of socket marginal region and stem cervix, tension inadequate of soft tissues are considered as generation causes. stem and socket components installation abnormality, collision of pelvis and femur by the retention bone spine, collision of socket limbic region and
And, there are functional malfunction, loss of muscle strength, dysraphia of great trochanter, excessive external force of abductor groups, etc..
The hereditary third complement factor (C3) deficiency is a very rare disease.
This time, C3: 0mg / dl, C4: 18mg / dl, CH50: 16U / ml were recognized as a result of the blood examination of 7-year-old boy who recognized the abnormality in the school urine test.
The hereditary C3 deficiency was suspected, because the parents were in the blood relation, and family and brother were searched.
homozygous exon 29 and heterozygous parents were found in the gene analysis, and hereditary C3 deficiency was diagnosed. (auther abst.) 2) 2 nucleotide deletion was observed in exon 29 in the boy and in the girl.
Nine cases have been reported in the literature, and the mutation was homozygote in blood-related parents in most cases.
The mechanism of why hereditary C3 deficiency is less frequent than other complement deletions and why there are many homozygous mutations is examined from the biosynthetic process of C3 molecule.
This paper explains thyrotoxicosis.
This paper describes etiology and classification and symptoms of thyrotoxicosis.
Treatment of Basedow disease (antithyroid drug and antithyroid agent toxicosis, radioiodine therapy, surgical remedy), thyroid hormone intake and hCG stimulation, iodine inductivity and diagnosis and treatment of Plummer disease are described.
In addition, the advice to the resident is shown.
Merits and demerits of the clinical pathway are described.
Problems in applying the clinical pathway to the esophageal cancer operation and esophageal cancer cases applying the clinical pathway are outlined.
Features, preoperative care, postoperative ICU, postoperative care in the ward and ingestion are explained on the clinical pathway for the medical staff for esophageal operation.
In addition, the clinical pathway for patients for esophageal cancer operation is explained.
Finally, record and analysis of variance are described.
It was indicated that the clarification of the problem by the analysis of the variance was useful for the improvement in the quality of the medical treatment.
Autopsy imaging (Ai) technology including postmortem image photographing is explained.
By utilizing the Ai technology, it is possible to supplement the lowering of the autopsy rate.
And, the power is also demonstrated for the crime investigation, and the identification of the cause of death becomes also possible.
This paper describes that Ai is a fusion of pathology and imaging diagnosis technology, and shows the difference from the anatomy.
The angiotensin-converting enzyme gene polymorphism was able to be judged within 1621 persons who had medical examination in the inhabitant detection survey of Hisayama town, Fukuoka Prefecture, and it was tracked for 32 years on 937 persons.
The angiotensin-converting enzyme gene polymorphism was extracted from blood samples of fresh frozen samples, paraffin samples of pathologic autopsy cases, and DNA was judged by the PCR method.
During the follow-up period, 176 patients died of malignant tumor.
When the relation between smoking and tumor death was examined according to angiotensin-converting enzyme gene polymorphism, the effect of smoking in DD type was about 2 times larger than that in II and ID types.
In this paper, the bringing medicine check business which arranged the pharmacist in the same corner according to the hospitalization schedule hour of the patient was introduced.
In the new system of this hospital, it was shown that about 80% of the hospitalized patient in 1 day could be checked in only 2 hours, and in addition, it was shown that about 91% of the patient with the brought medicine could be confirmed only by the check in the same corner.
The system of this hospital is one of the efficient drug bringing check system, and it is also the timing in which the occupational ability of the pharmacist can be appealed to the patient most.
The social responsibility of the GE medical supply enterprise is also becoming heavy, as Generic Drugs (the GE medical supply) share rises, and as the opportunity used for more and more nation increases.
Sawai Pharmaceutical Co. and Ltd., which produces and sells GE medical supply, have promoted the existence of GE medical supply and the social meaning to the nation through various media until now. \"The present state of GE medical supply\" is explained. \"The present state of GE medical supply\" is explained. \"The promotion of GE medical supply enterprise\" is explained.
In this paper, the challenge of the GE medical supply of our company is outlined.
In the future, not only activities for the use promotion of the GE medical supply but also efforts to raise the reliability including the quality of the GE medical supply are necessary.
A 45-year-old woman case of Akatuki disease is reported.
After the use of the new cosmetics, the efflorescence would be recognized in the face.
oral administration of steroid, external use of steroid and zinc ointment were performed.
The symptoms were improved 2 months after the administration.
The contact dermatitis by the cosmetics and Akatuki disease were suspected.
Since the disease state of RSD is not uniform, the selection of the therapy suitable for the disease state is necessary.
As one method for judging the mechanism of the pain, pharmacological pain mechanism discrimination test (DCT) is described. drug challenged test (DCT) is a method for evaluating the mechanism of the pain.
As the occurrence mechanism of neurogenic pain, heterotopia nerve ignition, involvement of sympathetic nerve, change in posterior horn of spinal cord, sensitization of secondary neuron and memory of pain are outlined.
phentolamine, morphine, lidocaine or naloxone are used as test agents.
The therapy after that is mentioned.
For idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis (IPF) patient of 14 cases and IPF acute aggravation virus inspection and immunoserologic inspection were carried out on BALF and blood plasma for hospitalized patient of 8 cases.
IL-6, TNFα, IFNγ showed the high tendency especially in the poor prognosis cases cytokine BALF which significantly increased in the acute aggravation stage in comparison with the IPF stable stage in measured 17 kinds of insect 13 types.
IL-2, IL-5, IL-6 poor prognosis cases IL-8, IFNγ, TNFα showed the rising tendency in 3 cases in which BALF could be reexamined during the acute aggravation treating process.
In the plasma, IL-6, IL-7, IL-8, and IL-10 significantly rose in the acute aggravation stage compared with the stable stage blood plasma.
The basic disease state of bronchial asthma is chronic airway inflammation.
In the airway inflammation, eosinophils, T-cells, mast cells, neutrophils, macrophages, airway epithelium, and many cells and various liquid factors are concerned.
It is important that Th2 cytokine is concerned in not only central airway but also peripheral airway for the position of the airway inflammation.
The disease states of airway remodeling such asthma hyperplasia and angiogenesis, basal membrane thickening, airway closure irreversible, and airway anaphylaxia are chronically tracheal epithelial cell peeling and turning into embryonic cell, tracheal smooth muscle hyperplasia and hyperplasia become clear, and it becomes a cause of the severe and intractable asthma.
For the treatment of asthma, antiinflammatory drugs mainly on inhalation steroids are important to suppress the remodeling of the airway in addition to the control of allergic inflammation from the early stage.
The bronchial asthma is characterized by repeated paroxysmal stridor, dyspnea and cough, harmonic flute-like sound in the auscultation finding.
In addition, objective evaluation of air flow restriction by respiratory function test is necessary for the diagnosis of asthma.
It is evaluated by spirometry and peak flow meter, and airway hypersensitivity test is carried out.
Evaluation of airway inflammation is carried out by sputum test, measurement of nitrogen monoxide concentration in the expiration, measurement of expiration condensate, and in addition, allergological examination.
The diseases which cause stridor and dyspnea such as chronic obstructive pulmonary disease insufficiency of left heart failure and hyperventilation syndrome are the object of the differentiation.
It is important in the clinical diagnosis that 1) the symptom paroxysmally and repeatedly occurs which originates from the air flow restriction, 2) there is at least partially reversibility in the air flow restriction, and 3) other diseases are excluded.
As a result of our genetic analysis, the possibility in which the IL-17F gene fulfiled the important role in the disease state of the asthma was guessed.
PAI-1 may be deeply involved in the formation of the remodeling of the airway, functional polymorphism PAI-1 gene seems to be one of the genetic factors which regulate whether the remodeling of the airway is easy to progress.
CCL5 is a chemokine which is strongly induced from the airway epithelium in viral infection chronic airway inflammation in high-age asthma may fulfil the important role especially.
It was guessed that the natural immune system was deeply concerned disease state of the allergy, when the role of the macrophage random macrophage inhibitory factor was noticed.
From them, the understanding of the disease deepened, by clarifying the pathophysiological common pathway at the molecular level.
By making these routes to be a target, it is expected to contribute to the advance of prevention and treatment of asthma.
This paper outlines electrocardiogram synchronous reconstitution CT angiography (4 D-CTA) developed for accurately grasping the dynamic status of cerebral aneurysm wall.
The 4D-CTA S-MPR was able to obtain the objective cerebral aneurysm images on the image processing.
At present, blood collection is indispensable for glucose level measurement for diabetes mellitus diagnosis.
The realization of the glucose level measurement by the non-invasive is desired.
In this paper, acquisition of basic data of the intraorganism temperature estimation using MRI is reported.
In millimeter wave region, the possibility of in vivo measurement of blood glucose level was examined by measuring the resonance characteristic using patch antenna excited by the waveguide.
It was confirmed that the temperature distribution measurement could be realized by the difference of the T2 phase image.
This method can be utilized as a non-invasive temperature monitor intraorganism in various medical systems, etc..
Features and molecular-genetical features of clinical images of enhanced S-cone syndrome (ESCS) are outlined including the experienced cases.
night blindness, hyperopia, cyst like maculopathy, retinal degeneration nest from the blood vessel arcade to the middle peripheral part ERG opinion 30Hz flicker reaction pestles body reaction, flash ERG and similarity of pyramids ERG waveform, etc. are features of the clinical feature of ESCS. \"The clinical images of the ESCS\" are as follows: Consciousness of the night blindness, existence of the hyperopia, cyst like maculopathy, retinal degeneration nest
The cause gene is NR2E3 gene.
As the experienced cases, 17-year-old male patient with the parents mutation heterojunction and 33-year-old female patient of the mild case were taken up from the side of visual function maintenance.
The case was a 47-year-old woman who complained chiefly of the hypogastrium fullness feeling.
A laparotomy panhysterectomy and sides adnexectomy method by gynecology were performed by preoperative diagnosis that the malignant tumor could not be denied, though uterine leiomyoma was most suspected by various tests such as pelvis portion MRI.
It was diagnosed pathohistologically as metastatic uterine cancer, and as a result of the primary lesion scanning, it was proven to be bilateral breast cancer.
After preoperative systemic chemotherapy, left pectorails muscle preservation ablatio mammae, left axillary lymph node purification, and right mammae partial excision were carried out.
The postoperative irradiation was carried out in 3 places of left parapet, right preserved mammary gland, right armpit.
The tumor marker re-rise was recognized in postoperative 16th month, and the progress of the symptom could not be stopped, and the case died for the carcinomatous peritonitis.
ricin, botulinal toxin, and vero cytotoxin are biochemical weapon or protein toxin of the severe toxicity which the use to bioterrorism is worried about. fatally poisonous protein toxins.
The National Research Institute of Police Science, School of Engineering of Nagoya University, and Gifu Pharmaceutical University jointly developed an accurate and rapid detection method of these toxins.
The principle of detection using carbohydrate chains is characteristic, and it is a method combined with surface plasmon resonance (SPR) method.
The reliability and manipulability of the method are much shorter than those of the conventional methods.
A case (16-year-old woman) of linear scleroderma complicated with spinal bifida is reported.
The erythema linear arrangement appeared from the right buttock to the thigh.
From clinical laboratory findings, pathohistological findings and image examination findings, it was diagnosed as linear scleroderma complicated with spinal bifida.
By mometasone furancarboxylate ointment, the pit was improved a little, but the pit from the normal skin continued.
It has been reported that the West Nile Virus (WNV) NS4 B protein becomes an antagonist of interferon with other viral protein, and that it localizes in the cell nucleus in the later stage of infection.
NS4 B protein was observed to be localized in the nucleus not only viral infection cell but also noninfected cell as a fusion protein with red fluorochrome.
Analysis of the deficient mutant revealed that the C-terminal of 50 amino acid of NS4B protein is important for the nuclear translocation of NS4 B protein.
And, it was indicated that it was concerned in the control of the cell division, because many NS4 B protein were localized in the dividing cell nucleus.
The hepatocellular carcinoma has less lymph node metastasis and remote metastasis than the intrahepatic bile duct cancer which is the same primary hepatic cancer.
However, the treatment is made to be difficult, since the multiple mass is often formed.
It has been clarified that the multiple mass formation arises in the multicentric with the liver lesion as a background.
It is necessary to always keep multicenter carcinogenesis in mind on hepatitis, liver cirrhosis, etc. in the liver-cell carcinoma patient in the background.
In this paper, knowledge until now on the multicenter carcinogenesis and practical method of identification of the multicenter generation are explained.
The liver is the organ in which portal blood flow from digestive system organ flows in first, and the metastasis frequency of digestive cancer is the highest.
In this paper, each therapy for metastatic liver cancer was outlined mainly on the large bowel cancer.
Evaluation method of hepatic metastasis and retrieval method of liver outside lesion are described.
Next, the epidemiology of hepatic metastasis of large bowel cancer hepatic metastasis is described, and surgical remedy arterial injection chemotherapy topical treatment systemic chemothrapy is described on hepatic metastasis of large bowel cancer.
Finally, the therapy on hepatic metastasis of neuroendocrine tumor is described.
A case of cutaneous focal mucinosis of a 54-year-old woman is reported.
From 2 years ago, the rose pink and shiny node of 10mm diameter appeared in the left labia majora, and it gradually expanded. coated node was observed in the left labia majora.
The simple excision was carried out by separating 2mm.
It was diagnosed as cutaneous focal mucinosis from the pathohistological view.
There is no recurrence for postoperative 5 months.
Blood T4 < 60% before the blood T4 / T3 administration after the T3 administration was made to be an index of the remission. blood T4 < 60%.
Basedow disease recurrence was not recognized for 1 year immediately after the anti ‐ thyroid drugs were stopped, and the recurrence was only recognized in 16 out of 146 cases in 5 years, when this index was made to be a standard.
The recurrence rate was 11%, which was much better than other reports.
A 17 ‐ year ‐ old girl was admitted to our hospital because of menstrual cycles. menstrual cycle was observed in spite of the same cold stimulation test, and the results were compared with those of a 17 ‐ year ‐ old girl.
N ‐ methylhistamine (NMH) in urine and histamine in plasma were measured before and after the cold stimulation test. (1) The mean values of N ‐ methylhistamine (NMH) and histamine in plasma were significantly higher than those in menarche.
And, the change of the sex hormone by the menstruation was also measured.
These results suggest that measurement of NMH in urine is useful for the diagnosis of chilly urticaria.
In U.S.A., the rate of caesarean section rate of the pelvic presentation rapidly increases to 80 〜 90% in 1980\'s, and it maintains the rate almost as it is at present.
The external method is usually performed in 37 weeks.
The pelvis photographing is carried out in the case in which the external method ended in failure.
The transvaginal parturition test is tried in the case which satisfied the condition of vaginal parturition, but it is often changed, if there is any problem, and the cesarean rate will not be lowered in future. (abridged author abst.) test of labor
After cerebellar infarction and bilateral paralysis after subarachnoid blood operaion, the nursing of the patient of 49-year-old woman was experienced.
The self ‐ help tools, etc. were devised with the nursing goal of prevention of the danger and early detection of the abnormality, extension of ADL (action in daily life) and independence.
Though as the result, ADL became perfect self ‐ support, and there was no ADL, there was the considerably advance in comparison with on admission.
On the meal, it became the half support from all support.
The excretion and urination are still time consuming. (abridged author abst.)
trichlorthiazide sodium hydrogencarbonate agent was administered for hypertension in a 78-year-old female case, and systematic vertigo at her body motions was treated by intravenous injection of sodium hydrogencarbonate.
The electrolyte abnormality such as hypokalemia arrhythmia supraventricular and ventricular extrasystole complete left bundle branch block, sinus bradycardia, auricular fibrillation, etc. was caused by the overdosage of I, and it was considered that this case caused various arrhythmia.
The K supplementary therapy alone was insufficient, and the artificial cardiac pacemaker therapy was effective.
These results suggest that the trigger activity is involved in the pathogenesis of various types of ventricular arrhythmia.
This paper reports the outline of the titled mass outbreak of diarrhea.
Escherichia coli in the title was detected from 3 persons as a result of PCR on stool collected for 99 kindergartners.
Sixteen isolates of the toxinogenic strain were isolated from 579 samples from 155 persons concerned.
However, the disinfectant was not installed, and water supply and drainage for waste disposal and diaper storage cases were also possible for the children to touch.
Most of the spondylolyses were caused by extreme sports activities in the growth stage.
The diagnosis of spondylolyses becomes possible earlier than the X ‐ ray diagnosis by MRI, and the treatment outcome by conservative treatments is remarkably improved.
MRI was performed on the lumbago patients in the medical examination in a junior high school, and low brightness change was recognized in 51%. (3) The MRI method was change in low luminons intensity.
These were improved by wearing lumbar braces or limitation of motion in all cases.
MRI is recommended when there is no clear cause in junior high school students and lumbago continues for more than one month.
Recently, \"silent gallstone\" without the symptom peculiar to the gallstone is often recognized.
In choledocholithiasis and intrahepatic calculosis, it is sometimes found without symptom, though it is said that over 95% is the gap bag calculus on the existence position.
The basic policy of the treatment of silent gallstone is the follow-up.
persistent hyperuricemia polymorphonuclear leukocytes ingestion of sodium urate precipitated in the synovial fluid during the acute arthritis fit can be diagnosed as a diagnosis of gout. (author abst.) needle crystals of sodium urate deposited in the synovial fluid of the acute arthritis fit.
The differentiation with chronic articular rheumatism and pseudogout is necessary.
And, the disease type diagnosis is carried out by the uric acid clearance study.
In addition, diagnosis and treatment for complications and examinations necessary for follow ‐ up are also described. (abridged author abst.)
This paper explains H2 blocking agent (I) and proton pump inhibitor (II) which are usable in Japan at present once a day.
Cimetidine, Ranitidine, Famotidine, etc. are main drugs of I, and the difference is not recognized in the cure rate in the administration once a day and twice a day.
Famotidine was administered once a day in the morning.
Lansoprazole and Omeprazole were administration time ‐ dependently on the therapeutic ratio of the patients.
20 patients with more than moderate hypertension complicated with cerebrovascular disorders were treated with 10mg of lisinopril once in the morning, and its usefulness was examined from the viewpoint of circadian variation of blood pressure after 4 〜 8 weeks.
In both day and night, equal hypotensive effects were observed, and the hypotensive effect was performed without changing the circadian variation.
The neurological symptoms of this case were not deteriorated even in the follow-up survey after 1 year of administration, and the progress was good. (abridged author abst.)
For cerebral apoplexy patients of 158 examples in the multiinstitute cooperation, the open study subjective symptoms hypotensive effect actions carnaculin for mental syndrome hypotensive effect was examined. (1) The effect of the drug on the consciousness symptom, pyschotic and neurotic syndromes
The effectiveness was shown for improvement of subjective symptoms and psychotic syndromes accompanied with cerebral apoplexy.
In the subarachnoid hemorrhage, the improvement was high in the disease independence.
These results suggest that the hypotensive effect of the drug is not only slow but also reliable for the treatment of boundary zone blood pressure. (auther abst.) (auther abst.) decrease of blood pressure
The physiological saline method enzyme method, albumin method, indirect antiglobulin test are carried out in order to detect the complete antibody, and in order to detect the incomplete antibody.
Attention in the operation in each test method, abnormal reactions and the correspondence were outlined.
It is indispensable to carry out the irregular antibody screening before the test in the title.
It is necessary to clarify the manual of the titled test for emergency blood transfusion. cross matching manual urgent blood transfusion is necessary.
Non-metallic prosthetic materials except for plastic are discussed. (1) The artificial limb apparatus nonmental material is not only plastic but also non-metallic.
The superiority and inferiority of each kind and property of natural material and artificial material are described.
The natural organic substance is the biological object material, and some artificial materials aim at the natural material, and reach or exceed it.
These materials are close to the human organism, and it is necessary to ensure the appropriate utilization to the prosthetic materials. (auther abst.) aritificial limb orthosis materials are also described.
The crisis of 212 cases (1970 〜 1993) was the 60-69 ‐ year ‐ old most abounding, and the woman of 20-29 ‐ year ‐ old was abounding in comparison with the man of the same generation.
Eighty ‐ three percent of the patients were spontaneous recovery without any special treatment.
The total dose history of SH group was 42%, and there was no distribution difference between residential area cases. (abridged author abst.) (abridged author abst.) (abridged author abst drug
A rare case (25-year-old man) of Basedow\'s disease complicated with marked hypercalcemia is reported.
The hyper calcemia serum calcium value 12.5mg / dl and calcium ion 3.14mEq / l were shown in this case systemic hyposthenia.
administration of antithyroid agent normalized serum calcium value with the normalization of blood thyroid hormone. hypercalcemia was improved within several days by the large volume of fluid therapy.
The importance of the retrieval of exacerbation factors and the optimum treatment is emphasized.
The index of nutrition care mainly on energy and proteins directly related to the low nutrition of dialysis patients is outlined.
The main nutritional index is the measurement of energy source (fat) and protein source (muscle proteins, protein of internal organ) in vivo.
These results suggest that exercise therapy based on the prescription is essential for the patients with chronic renal failure, and that the exercise tolerability of patients with chronic renal failure should be evaluated in the future.
The protective mechanism for infection of respiratory organs and treatment of chronic respiratory tract infections are shown in figures and tables, and the disease state of chronic resporatory organs infectious diseases and the principle of the treatment are simply explained.
Next, representative pathogenic bacteria were arranged in the table, and the features were described, and the antimicrobial agent therapy was described according to pathogenic bacteria.
In addition, cautionary notes in ambulatory treatment or domiciliary treatment are shown.
Finally, the significance of macrolide in long ‐ term low ‐ dose therapy for chronic respiratory tract infection is introduced.
This paper explains the research which dismantled the central convulsion and the relation between central convulsions and level of histamine in the brain.
There was an inverse correlation between histamine levels in the brain and the duration of clonic convulsion, but not between the duration of tonic ‐ clonic convultion.
The mechanism of histamine neurone showed the important role for the inhibition of the duration of induced clonic convulsions.
CNS actions H1 receptor antagonist should not be administered to children.
white sugar and povidone ‐ iodine mixed ointment EUPASTA were incision and drainage for small skin ulcer with infectious diseases such as infectious atheroma and boils, clinical usefulness was examined tamponade method which inserted it in the ulcer. tamponing method was used for the small skin ulcer of 12 cases.
The size and depth of the ulcer were significantly reduced.
In the improvement by the symptom, it was 100% in all items such as granulation formation and epidermis cutification symptoms.
No side effects were observed.
Seventy ‐ three clinically isolated strains were studied.
The methicillin ‐ susceptible methicillin ‐ resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA) kit was found to be highly sensitive to methicillin, but the mecA gene positive rate was higher in the MRSA ‐ sensitive methicillin ‐ resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MIC
The detection sensitivity was not always sufficient in comparison with the case using DNA, when the bacterial test was used.
In the simultaneous repeatability of the detection system, the electrophoresis was more stable.
The reproducibility of the daily variation was also greatly varied. (abridged author abst.) reaction temperatures were differnt dates.
This paper describes the legal characteristics of non ‐ prescription drugs.
non ‐ prescription drugs are described from the viewpoint of necessity of the pharmacopedia using the medicine and clinical pharmacy for the pharmacist. pharmaceutical sciences for general use are described.
In addition, the concrete development of \"clinical pharmacy\" in the pharmacy pharmacist of the region was considered.
Finally, the ideal way of pharmacist education for pharmacy medical treatment science is described.
A 58 ‐ year ‐ old woman was admitted to our hospital because of progressive gait disturbance, dysuria and dementia.
By acyclovir, there was the temporary Ayclovir improvement.
Brain MRI showed bilateral temporal lobes lestiter of the herpes simplex antiviral antibody. (auther abst.) cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) examination revealed cerebraspinal fluid (CSF) abnormalities
This encephalitis was considered to be special case because headache, fever, other meningeal irritation symptoms indefinite temporal lobe symptoms, chronic progressive course and dementia were observed in the whole view. (auther abst.). (auther abst.) (auther abst.) (auther abst.) dementia being predominant in
The arch height rate of scaphoid tuberosity was measured by digitizer in 15 nurses working in day services in the daily work zone in the titled examination in the method using the Am ‐ Fit which measures the shape of the foot by digitizer and the method which measures the arch height rate which expresses the ratio of scaphoid bone rough surface height to the length of the foot in percentage.
The foot complaints were recognized in 8 persons.
In all cases, the foot arch heights decreased after work, and the rates of lowering of arch heights were larger than those in the group without foot complaints. group A: The ratio of arch heights to foot height was significantly higher after services than in the group without foot complaints.
These results suggest that the decrease in foot arch height may have an effect on foot complaints.
The purpose of this study was to evaluate the effect of rehabilitation on the level of handicap in three patients with conpulsory education.
Both patients and their families hoped to return to conventional schools as the level of daily living activity increased by rehabilitation.
The return to school was realized by the medical care side returning to school, understanding of the handicaps to boards of education side, and having the role of medical management after the return to school. health ‐ care side returning to school.
It is suggested that a comprehensive rehabilitation system is necessary.
By the adoption of the streptoavidin tube method, the measurement of multiple items would be possible in the identical tube.
As the result, there were improvement of measurement sensitivity, improvement of reproducibility, and improvement of the stability of the reagent. measurement of sensitivity was carried out.
By using the full automatic EIA analytical equipment ES600, the batch processing of large number of samples becomes possible. (auther abst.)
The history of the music education and therapy departments, faculty of education, Kansas University was investigated.
The purpose of this study was to investigate the history of the death of Mr. Gaston, the founder of our university, for five years from the following year.
This paper summarizes music therapy programs, instructors, achievements of instructors, names of students and number of students, etc..
The music therapy programs of this university are very well known, and attract the interest of many students.
By this investigation, all student list including bachelor and doctoral graduates was made. (auther abst.) (auther abst. university and doctor graduates, etc.)
The artificial kidney was divided into chronic hemodialysis and emergency ‐ intensive medical care fields, and present state and future development trend in each field were explained. HD chronica and emergency ‐ intensive medical care fields were divided into the following: 1)
To begin with, the treatment method in the field of HD chronica is mentioned, and in addition, the present state of membrane materials which are changing from cellulose to various plastics is explained, and biocompatibility such as antithrombosis is mentioned.
And, continuous blood filtration method and continuous blood filtration dialysis method in emergency ‐ intensive medical care field are described.
The hollow fiber membrane using polyacrylonitrile and poly ‐ methylmethacrylate is also described.
The gastric emptying test using acetaminophen and gastric ‐ acid secretion test by insulin load were carried out in dog made in the gastric fistura.
There was no significant change in the gastric emptying ability. (abridged author abst.) effect on acid reduction was observed after the operation.
In the perforation of duodenal ulcer, vagotomy under an abdominoscope was performed as an additional operation for acid reduction of simple closed technique under an abdominoscope.
These results suggest that the gastric emptying ability of this operation is enhancement of the effect on acid reduction.
The answer was got from 70 patients.
There were many patients who replied that it was fun, and there was the patient who there was the movement in the emotion level in the inside.
The video camera was taken with the consent of the patient, and the patient condition in the participation was observed.
In addition, the records of patients\' responses and actions before and after participation by ward nurses were examined.
The long ‐ term clinical results of high ‐ level cervical osteotomy for medimedical or medical / patellar gonarthrosis deformans were studied in 73 patients and 94 knees.
The knee joint radiography (standing, front view) showed a mean of 170.6 degrees, and the correction target angle was maintained.
The pain was markedly improved or disappeared in all cases.
The walking distance was increased to twice the preoperative value, and it was recognized that there was no significant problem in going up and down stairs.
miltiple cerebral infarction clinical effectiveness of keisi ‐ bukuryogan was examined in 23 patients (66.7 ± 10.3 years old on average).
These results suggest that fibrinogen levels in the cerebral ‐ infarctional factor may be improved by the administration of IFN ‐ γ. (auther abst.) associated factor (s) may be the risk factor for cerebral infarction.
The effect depended on the importance of \"dirty blood syndrom\" which was the oriental medicine disease state.
These results suggest that cerebral infarction is caused by cerebral infaction and that cerebral infarction is caused by cerebral infarction.
A 53 ‐ year ‐ old male patient was admitted to our hospital with a complaint of dyspnea.
The primary symptoms were breathlessness with effort and right hypochondriac pain, and the pericarditis which had already been completed by cardiac catheterization was confirmed.
The patient died of respiratory insufficiency due to pneumonia after about 2 years.
The heart weight was 740g, and obvious pericardiac hyperplasia and adhesion were observed.
The pericardium showed lymphocyte permeation with sphacelus and nucleus heteromorphism, and the same findings were also recognized in the heart muscle.
These findings suggest that malignant lymphoma of the para aortic lymph nodes may have caused constrictive pericarditis.
A case of Parkinson\'s disease (P), which has been obtained the effect of the low protein diet therapy for a long time, is reported.
therapy with low protein diet (anti ‐ P ingredients based on levodopa (I)) was performed in a case of marked adverse reactions for more than 10 years after pathopoiesis. prolonged administration of I ‐ based anti ‐ P agents resulted in a combination of low protein diet therapy (6g each for morning lunch).
Stabilization of nervous symptoms and reduction of I adverse reactions are shown.
nutritional disturbance was not observed, and combination therapy with this treatment was suggested to be useful for P in the long term. (auther abst.). (auther abst.) (auther abst.) (auther abst.) effecacy
The single neural discharge of the cutaneous pain receptor (R) of SD rats was recorded, and the action of chinoform (C) on the thermal reaction was examined.
In the thermal reaction of the control group, dimethyl sulfoxide solution alone showed no obvious change.
The activity of R was clearly increased in the C ‐ administered group for 240 min.
These results suggest that the increase in R activity is due to hyperalgesia observed in behavioral hyperalgesia induced by caffeine.
The acupuncture and moxibustion treatment (9.9 months, average 32.3 times) was carried out to 102 SMON patients, and the transition of abnormal sense and uncertain complaint was evaluated.
Though the level and degree of the abnormal sense were unchangeable, the improvement example over 5% was shown in \"smart feeling\" and \"pain.\"
In the uncertain complaint, diarrhoea, anorexia, bladder disorder and headache showed the improvement example over 10%.
Immediately after surgery, \"lightened body,\" \"refreshed body,\" warmth of the leg. \"were observed in some cases. (abridged author abst.)\" relieved cramp \"was observed in some cases.
This paper carries out integrated research reports in fiscal 1994 (19 papers) on the captioned subject.
The development of mechanism and prophylaxis of the immature neurone necrosis was emphasized.
clinically, cerebral circulation failure from the prenatal to the neonatal stage was made to be a research purpose for elucidation of development mechanism, early diagnosis and development of treatment methods of the cerebral circulation failure understand. learly diagnosis and treatment of the
A prospective joint study of pregnant women, foetus and newborn infants from the first half of the year is also ongoing.
The statistical analysis method of survival time analysis including exclusion (left side exclusion) of the data in which events had already manifestation in the start was examined for crisis and progress of diabetes mellitus retinopathy, diabetic retinopathy. (1) The statistical analysis method of the data including occasion exclusion (left side exclusion) was examined.
As the result, it was confirmed that the bias which was high for the estimation of the survival time distribution was generated in the analysis which ignores the left side exclusion which is usually carried out.
The bias may be generated, when Weibull distribution is applied to survival time by parametric maximum likelihood method.
These results suggest that the non ‐ parametric approach to estimate the basic survival function is useful after adjusting the risk factors by the parametric approach.
LDH activity determination reagent \"ESPA ‐ LDH Liquid\" (NIPRO) based on the JSCC recommendation method was examined.
In addition, the relation with pyruvate to lactate method adopted in many facilities at present and with the other company\'s JSCC conformity reagent were also examined.
As the result, \"EspaLDHliquid\" was the reagent which was good in precision and accuracy and can maintain the performance for a long time. \"EspaLDHliquid\" was NIPRO\'s reagent.
These results suggest that the pyruvate to lactate method is a useful method for the determination of LDH activity values in the serum of patients with JSCC recommendation.
Dai ‐ kenchu ‐ to for intestinal atresia and Hochu ‐ ekki ‐ to for postoperative anastomotic stricture are described on Chinese medicine therapy post operative bone metabolism failure in Buku ‐ ryo ‐ san for anastomotic stricture in adults underwent and abdominal surgery.
Buku ‐ ryo ‐ san reduces the passage failure by the diuretic effect of the component Buku ‐ ryo and the digestion and absorption promoting effect of Ginseng Radix.
Dai ‐ dai ‐ kenchu ‐ to promotes enterokinesis from various aspects.
These results suggest that the combination of the two agents is effective for the improvement of postoperative digestion and absorption capacity and metabolism.
The electrocardiogram (ECG) was recorded from 29 patients with acute pulmonary embolism (APE).
marked prolongation of QT interval was observed in V1 and V2 after the next day.
QT prolongation was more remarkable in the cases with high pulmonary arterial pressure.
These results suggest that the prolongation of the QT interval in the right thoracic region is useful for the evaluation of the pathophysiology of this disease.
During gestational age, the liver and intestine were observed extracorporeal through the central abdominal wall.
The hernia repair was performed in the neonatal period, and the heart catheterization was carried out for cardial murmur in 3-year-old.
Two pairs of bilateral paravertebral veins represented feedback from the lower body, which was thinner than both primary azygous veins.
In addition, diverticulum formation between the right vein and the right atrium and subaortic innominate vein were confirmed by the above two methods.
We conclude that umbilical hernia repair is a safe and effective procedure for extracorporeal circulation. noticeable complications are discussed.
A 18 ‐ year ‐ old man with hemophilia A developed AIDS.
He was admitted to our hospital because of liver function failure aggravation.
The anti ‐ HBsAg antibody was positive in the outpatient clinic, but it was negative in the hospitalization, and the crisis of hepatitis B was recognized.
HBsAg antibody was negative and HBV which was latent in the intracellular grew again. (abridged author abst.) (abridged author abst.) (abridged author abst. dysfunction of the helper T cells affected humoral immunity.)
We administered chinoform for more than 340 days in rats with toxicity of chinoform SMON onset CS ‐ rat with genetically high sensitivity and CR with low sensitivity. (1) The onset of SMON was observed in the rats treated with chinoform SMON ‐ rat with genetically high sensitivity CR ‐ rat with genetically high sensitivity.
Three out of 12 males and two out of 9 females survived CR.
Three CS and one CR survived rats showed slow limb elevation and marked weakness. (abridged author abst.)
We report a case of dissecting aneurysm of the aorta of the Standord A type (De Bakey type II).
His chief complaints were dyspnea and pectoralgia, and he was diagnosed as septicemia by blood culture.
Though antibiotics were administered, it became sudden shock state, and it became cardiac and respiratory arrest, and it died.
The rupture of aneurysm was septicemia ‐ associated shock state and subsequent rapid rise in blood pressure.
This paper describes the concept of tumor dormancy (TD) and Dr.J.Folkman\'s lecture content on the relation between TD and angiogenesis.
As an example of Tumor Delomancy in the human, the mammary cancer in which the metastasis appears after the primary lesion extraction year and month is described. \"Tumor Delomancy\" is a primary tumor nests breast cancer in which the metastasis appears after the primary lesion extraction TD.
In experimental animal models, tumors can be placed in inactive condition, that is, dormant condition, by suppressing angiogenesis.
This paper explains the lecture content on the prospect of anti ‐ angiogenesis therapy in cancer treatment.
The efficacy and safety of imidapril hydrochloride (I) in the treatment of hypertension in the hemodialysis patient were examined in 10 hemodialysis patients.
The hypotensive effect was effective with the lowering of the ACE activity by the I administration.
Imidaprilat was removed in about 50% and 65% of the dialysis time, respectively, at 3 and 4 hours by hemodialysis.
The safety of I for treatment of hypertension in hemodialysis patients was confirmed for about 7 months.
isolated early gastric cancer was analyzed clinicopathologically in lymph node metastasis cases. 747 cases (m cancer: 404 cases, sm cancer: 343 cases) were resected from 1976 to 1994. (1) The incidence of lymph node metastasis was higher in the early gastric cancer cases than in the clinical ‐ pathological cases.
At present, the radical treatment with the least invasion is endoscopic mucosa resection (EMR) of the stomach.
The endoscopic local resection was carried out for the case in which the complete recovery was difficult by EMR.
In conclusion, segmental gastric resection without pyloroplasty is a useful procedure for QOL of patients with gastric cancer.
The number of airborne bacterial flora and floor and wall adhered bacterial flora did not change remarkably before and after the air conditioning equipment renewal, and the cleanliness was good.
The airborne dust count (I) in the unmanned operation became 100 in all classes after the facility renewal.
There was no significant change in the number of bacteria and I in the operation before and after the renewal.
As a result, it was found that the exhaust capacity of the air ‐ conditioning system was affected by the number of times of ventilation, and that dust generatin amount was affected by the number of times of ventilation
The dentin adhesiveness and the adhesion mechanism were studied by the calculation model and theoretical analysis.
interface layer model calculation model tension bond strength was assumed as a direction of stress, and it was indicated that stress values became unequal along the interface, and that it was important for the examination of interface breakage mode.
The average stress and plastic deformation region of the adhesion region were examined, and the mechanism was clarified based on the determination of the elastic module of the interlayer.
The dentin resin impregnated layer structure was modeled, and the relation between hardness and elastic modulus was proven.
The purpose of this study was to investigate whether grasping power can be used as an index of aging.
In the relation between test result of grasping power and mortality afterwards, the prognostic mortality was lower in the group with high grasping power than in the group with low grasping power.
And, though the grasping force reexamination was carried out after 20 years, the relation of relative strength and weakness of the grasping force was sufficiently preserved after 20 years.
The mortality rate was lower in the group with increased grip strength after 20 years than in the group with decreased grip strength.
The right knee deformation and pain were examined by falling over injury during ski slide.
The outside dislocation and valgus deformation were recognized in the inspection, and patella dislocation X ‐ P and thinbone distal epiphyseal separation were recognized. thinbone distalis epiphyeal line separation open.
The osteosynthesis was enforced, and outside retinaculum separation and inside joint sewing up technique were enforced for the dislocation.
Though the excursion became normal by excursion training and muscle force strengthening training, and the patient left hospital by the independent gait, the long-term follow-up is necessary.
The antipyretic activity of the titled component was screened using the influenza infectious system of the mouse. galenical components were examined.
Among 55 cinnamyl compounds and related compounds, 13 showed strong antipyretic activity. (iii) The antipyretic activity of cinnamyl compounds was higher than that of cinnamon bark.
The antipyretic activity of Kakkon ‐ to against influenza infectious disease was verified.
This paper explains air turbine handpiece (A) and micromotor handpiece for treatment and dental technic, and examines the development of new technology in A.
The weight of A is about 30 〜 70g, and the rotational speed in non ‐ loading is the most abounding of 30 〜 40 × 104rpm.
The miniaturization of A is also deeply and difficult situation on the relation with the rotational speed performance.
This paper also describes sterilization measures, prevention of infection, cooling effects, and noise reduction measures.
Recent topics of non ‐ steroidal anti ‐ inflammatory agents (S) are described mainly on the profile.
Transition of development of S is introduced, and oral, suppository, injectable and percutaneous absorption drugs are explained. (1) Characteristics of the drug, (2) route of administration and features of the drug are mentioned.
In addition, the selective cyclooxygenase 2 inhibitors are described as recent S.
Effects of S on malignant tumors are mentioned.
The usefulness of superacidic water for MRSA was examined by disinfection of floor, environmental survey, hand washing of staff members in premature infants and neonatal wards, and ablution of inpatients.
The superacidic water was very useful as disinfectant.
In the investigation in the ward, MRSA was mainly detected in hand of the staff member, body surfaces of the patient wards, floor.
We tried to prevent the adhesion of methicillin ‐ resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA) to patients using superacid water, but we could not prevent it.
abdominal aorta aneurysm and arteriosclerosis obliterans treated at Kawasaki Medical University department of thoracic cardiovascular surgery postoperative fever, inflammation, leucocyte count, blood transfusion, time of operation, change of graft diameter, patency were examined. 140 cases were examined from July 1991 to December 1995. (1) The following were clarified: 1) The incidence of postoperative fever, inflammation, leukocyte count, bleeding amount, surgical time, blood trans
Though postoperative fever, prolongation and exacerbated inflammation were observed more frequently than the non-coating, they responded well to the anti ‐ inflammatory agents, and the patency rate was also good, and there was no complications.
It is considered that it may be used, if the above fact is kept in mind.
Methyl methacrylate (I) generation status in the bone cement mixing was compared between the usual method and cement mixer methods.
In the conventional method, I was generated for 6 minutes.
In the case of using a vacuum mixer, the gas generation in mixing can be suppressed, but I is generated when cement is taken out.
Countermeasures such as use of the aspirator in opening the lid and double wear of the mask were considered to be necessary.
The approach to the lesion is greatly different from the thoracotomy in the pneumoscopy, and the instrument used is also different.
The indirect assistant nurses carry out the maintenance of the posture, observing a TV monitor, and quickly preparing necessary instruments, etc. in order to carry out the thoracoscopic surgery safely. keep the position of patients in the hospital.
The direct assistance nurses pay attention to accurate grasp of the operation operation and smooth delivery of the instrument, etc. by the video training.
The actions for perioperative troubles and the treatments afterwards should be considered.
We report two cases of contractive pericarditis (CP) in which human atrial natriuretic polypeptide preparation HANP (calperitide) was effective for postoperative low cardiac output syndrome (LOS).
In case 1 (17-year-old man), the cold symptom was protracted, and it was diagnosed as CP from the home doctor, and the case was transferred to hospital.
In case 2 (41-year-old man), the mitral valve insufficiency had been indicated, and the cardiac insufficiency symptom appeared, and it was diagnosed as CP from the precise diagnosis. produced cardiac insufficiency symptom.
Both patients were treated with HANP because of increased LOS and preload on the first postpericardiectomy operations.
The administration of HANP reduced preload pulmonary congestion and CTR in breast X ‐ ray.
Case of thyroid tumor patient with a chest pain of unknown origin contracted after the thyroid tumor operation and the patient with a chest pain of unknown origin contracted after the stress symptoms are reported.
In analgesics, antidepressants and nerve block treatments, the administration of analgesic agents was temporary.
The stellate ganglion block was successfully treated Shi ‐ boku ‐ to and Shuji ‐ bushi ‐ powder in case 1 and Toki ‐ to in case 2, To ‐ ki ‐ to and Saiboku ‐ to in case 2.
For the pectoralgia of unknown origin, the administration of Chinese medicine should also be considered.
A 66 ‐ year ‐ old man was admitted to our hospital because of dyspnea.
Holter electrocardiogram showed Mobitz type II, atrioventricular block, degree II vertigo and giddy feeling, and it was diagnosed as type C WPW syndrome. (auther abst.). (auther abst.) (author abst.) diagnosed with WOW syndrome C type.
After the implantation of the DDD pacemaker, ventricular pacing was observed in both cases of ventricular excitation through the Kent bundle and heart ventricle pacing.
The subjective symptoms such as vertigo and giddy feeling disappeared.
The ultrasonic testing (echo) is the most useful test method for the parotid neoplasm identification of benign or malignant, and the accurate diagnosis over 90% is obtained by combined use of the fine needle centesis cytodiagnosis under the echo.
The computed tomography (CT) is used to diagnose the position of the tumor lamina superficialis tumor lamina profunda. NMR image (MRI) is useful for the estimation of the internal structure of the tumor. elucidation of the internal construction of the tumor is important for the diagnosis of the position of
And, the positional relation between tumor and parotid gland circumferent tissues was proven by MRI and CT images, and it is useful for the examination of the approach method in the operation of the progress tumor.
The features of echogram, MRI, CT images in differential diagnosis of parotid gland nonepithelial tumor and adenolymphoma (Warthin\'s tumor) are explained.
Present state and problems of pediatric nursing consultation and development counseling in health centers and pediatric close health examination Shiga Prefectural Pediatric Health and Medical Care Center were examined.
It was considered that pediatric neurologists were desirable children who received the pediatric nursing counseling and medical examination, because there were many pediatric neurological diseases.
And, development counseling was carried out as a nursing and development counseling in the nursing and development counseling medical diagnosis child nursing counseling child in which the correspondence was difficult in the development consultation of the municipality and child who needs medical diagnosis was made to be an object.
In the future, the cooperation in pediatric health and medical center as a nucleus in all prefectures was regarded as a problem with the cooperation of health, medical treatment, welfare, education in the region which made health care centers to be a nucleus.
Relationship between aging and gastric acid secretion was reevaluated in 157 normal subjects.
However, in the multiple regression analysis including H. pylori infection (I) and degree of gastric mucosa atrophy, gastric acid secretion was positively correlated with the age.
The gastric acid secretion in the gastric acid secretion positive for I and the gastric acid secretion negative for I and atrophy ‐ free women increased with the aging, and the gastric advanced atrophy cases showed low gastric acid secretion.
It is necessary to reevaluate the relation between gastric acid secretional capacity and aging, after existence of I infection and degree of gastric mucosa atrophy are added.
The adaptability of the edge element finite element method to the ECT analysis was confirmed.
By using the deformation potential, the division of the exciting coil is unnecessary, and the impedance change brought about by the reaction magnetic field by the eddy current can be analyzed.
The analytical result of the benchmark calculation agreed well with the calculated value.
The calculation capacity is reduced by using the object and the symmetric or anti ‐ symmetric conditions.
This paper introduces the development and establishment of stochastic techniques on strength evaluation, reliability analysis, and assurance test of ceramics.
This paper presents evaluation methods of strength characteristics from fracture mechanism, fracture toughness, crack growth, temperature dependence of fracture strength features, impact breakdown strength, etc..
The multiaxial stress, thermal stress as an application to strength design, stress on the junction plane, contact stress, and strength evaluation of collision stress were clarified.
This paper describes the reliability assurance test and the application technologies.
In two ‐ dimensional photoelasticity, the data obtained by the photoelastic method are the difference of two ‐ dimensional principal stress and the value of their direction.
In the case of three ‐ dimensional elasticity, the integrated data were obtained by mixing these values in the case of transmission type.
In the slice type, the problem in rearranging the difference and the value of the direction of the two ‐ dimensional principal stress is how to reduce the noise contained in the data.
It can be expected that the noise can be remarkably reduced, if the lock ‐ in amplifier is used.
This paper reports the measurement of the difference and direction of the two ‐ dimensional principal stress using a two ‐ beam slice type lock ‐ in amplifier and their reorganization.
The safety standard of the service robot did not exist, and robots were operated for half a year based on \"Robot safety guideline\" in EXPO 2005 AICHI.
It is sure that this guideline will be a basis of robot safety standard planned in future.
And, there are many parts which become a reference in knowing the machine safety on this guideline.
In the present cleaning work of the window, there are manual work system by the worker using the gondola and automatic cleaning equipment.
Though the automated cleaning equipment works by hanging from the roof by the crane, the cleaning of the window is often done by the manual system.
Recently, super large window glass is increasing in small and medium scale buildings, and efficient and safe cleaning means suitable for these are required.
In response to this, a small and general stand alone type window cleaning robot has been developed.
This paper introduces the mechanism of the robot and the autonomous running system.
The outline of fuzzy control and neuro-control was explained, and the expectation to the research in this field in future was described.
This paper introduces the flow of research and development of neuro-control which is learning control based on neural networks.
A machine (perceptron) learning based on synaptic connections learning rules is proposed, and the flow to the error back propagation method which is a learning method of hierarchical neural networks is shown.
In the future intelligent control, hybrid control system design which integrates various basic technologies such as fussy control, neural networks, genetic algorithms, etc. is important intelligence control.
On the benchmark problems of 3 inertial system position control, design specifications and approach of the design were compared referring to design examples.
This paper exemplifies features of design problems and design methods through design examples.
This paper also explains design examples of loop shape correction by H ∞ control theory and design examples using μ analysis and design.
A sliding mode control system which is a robust nonlinear control system 2 degree of freedom control system is also shown.
For feature point extraction, a model image divided into any number of unoverlapping blocks is used.
Each block is abstracted as a unique feature point labeled by spatial position and dominant saturation in the HSV color space.
In order to reduce search region of matching in dynamic environment, background subtraction method and skin color detection for detecting only hands are used.
After the hand detection of the input image, the circumference mainly on the hand is searched.
At present, the importance of the Internet as a lifeline increases, and the threat of the security by the artificial attacks to the Internet greatly affects the social life.
As security threat of the ubiquitous society to come, research promoted in Research and Development of the Research and Development of Basic Technologies about Wide Area Monitoring Systems is introduced.
It is composed of traffic probe system, information collecting system, analysis system, and operation system, and aims at facilitating security operations and information exchange for the purpose of facilitating quick correspondence from the detection of abnormality.
Then, the ultra-high speed traffic probe system which is the challenge of Oki Electric Industry Co., Ltd., is explained.
Ubiquitous means \"ubiquitous like God.\"
By u-Japan plan and u-Japan policy announced by Ministry of Internal Affairs and Communications in 2004, it was positioned in the policy of the IT utilization of Japan with the aim of the realization of Ubiquitous Society by 2010.
Already in the entrance of the ubiquitous society, the portable telephone is the diffusion rate over 70% of the total population.
The ubiquitous network was caught from 2 points of \"visualization\" and \"communication promotion,\" and what kind of ubiquitous society will be welcomed in 2010 from national policies and infrastructure diffusion rate, etc., and what kind of business prospect there is in the society were studied.
Inter-touch Co., a company of DoCoMo group of Singapore, provides Internet connection service to customer hotel ISP (Internet Service Provider) of 310 4,5 star hotel in 42 countries in the world.
The broadband network system is called IBIS (inter-Touch Billing information system).
The customer support is available 24 / 7 per year in 5 languages, and the cost enters the room charge.
The equipment and facilities for the internet connection are owned and managed by inter-touch, and the cost is shared with the hotel.
This paper presents a part of basic research of three dimensional display system.
There is a solidity by bilateral information in the sense which the current television can not handle.
In this paper, we propose a neural network model of a neural network to reconstruct the object surface from two TV cameras. (1) The reconstitution of the object surface is performed by using the neural network model. (2) The reconstitution of the object surface is performed by using the TV camera.
A large ‐ scale parallel computer which executes the processing actually can be put to practical use if large ‐ scale parallel computers can be developed. (auther abst.)
This paper mentions the reason why compression and reproduciton techniques have recently attracted attention, and the compression target in the present state of voice and sound signals.
Next, the future of the compression and reproduction techniques is viewed, while the technology for compressing the encoded information is described for each image and voice.
The image information compression technology is carried out by removing redundant parts (useless parts) contained in the signal and by utilizing human visual performance.
A typical image encoder configuration example is shown.
Therefore, the offices were connected by LAN ‐ WAN ‐ LAN, and the services such as electronic mail, electronic bulletin board, and forum were carried out.
The menu of the service is shown.
metropolitan area LAN / WAN development business system. (Machine assisted translation) remote location system. (Machine assisted translation) link service with business system self introduction in used department, remote location utilization, metropolitan area LAN / WAN development.
For remote sensing image analysis, a pattern recognition technique neutral network (NN) and knowledge processing are proposed.
It is possible to obtain the recognition result with good accuracy for the data which does not follow the Gaussian distribution.
NN is used for the recognition division of the processing systems, and knowledge processing is used for the correction division.
The effectiveness of the proposed method is verified by applying it to actual image data.
Three papers on the connection component problem of graphs are introduced, and it is shown that the parallel algorithm is a huge system.
In this paper, we introduce a case of parallel algorithm which is used to explain the parallel algorithm approach intelligibly.
This dispensing pharmacy system is a personal computer LAN system based on the light coaxial cable. ethical pharmacy system is composed of the following: 1)
Points of the system construction are patient waiting time shortening, system useful for the pharmacist, extensibility, support force.
The effect and future prospect after the introduction are described.
This paper describes the application of business package software.
In addition, the client / server system by business server \"K series\" was constructed.
By this, the system was integrated, while existing personal computer property was effectively utilized.
In this paper, we describe the outline of the system and the application of the personal computer as a client.
Based on circuit technology using multiple input threshold operation element neurone MOS (νMOS), \"association hardware\" which recognizes and understands the event in real time was developed.
The analog EEPROM cell technology high ‐ density analog phenomenon analog vector association devices two ‐ dimensional image movement vector fast detection circuits and real ‐ time tracking circuits of center of gravity position were realized using νMOS as application examples. (Machine assisted translation). (Machine assisted translation) (Machine assisted translation) (Machine assisted translation) (Machine assisted translation) (Machine assisted translation) (Machine assisted translation) (Machine assisted translation) (Machine assisted translation) gravity center position
This paper describes operation principles, circuit structures, and measurement results of each basic hardware.
The νMOS technology has both flexibility of analog processing and exactness of digital processing.
This paper describes the basic approach and examples of the approach aiming at the fusion of art and engineering.
For image and speech processing, it is necessary to incorporate feeling and sensitivity information in the communication.
Therefore, it was considered that the artist participated and approached the problem from the art side, and the cooperative research was carried out by adding artists.
The virtual kabuki kabuki actor is three dimentional face model expression image face image sensitivity agent which recognizes eight emotions such as interactive environment which produces virtual environment in proportion to the communication, and the pleasure, anger, sadness and delight included in the voice and changes the expression of the face accordingly, and the virtual kabuki actor which transforms it into the kabuki actor using the technology which detects the expression image from the face image in real time and reproduces it in the three-dimensional face model.
This paper describes a texture synthesis technique based on an expanded L system called a TSL system (Texture Synthesis L ‐ system), which is defined as a combination of parametric, stochastic and MAP L system.
The primitive and its spatial relation are described from the viewpoint of TSL.
In the TSL system, local control is realized by changing the parameters of the rewriting production.
And, some of other related techniques are also shown.
The regional division encoding which effectively utilizes the local property of the image is promising for the reversible compression of the natural image.
In this paper, we propose a coding method to divide an image into regions with similar statistical properties and to describe the regions as a preliminary step of regional division encoding.
First, the initial region is generated by K average clustering, and minute regions are removed by comparing the color distance.
Next, the region was integrated by luminance average and histogram comparison, and in addition, the coding was carried out after the minute region was removed.
A simulation experiment was carried out to confirm the effect of the entropy reduction by the regional division.
The manufacturing line and the information system supporting it must be integrated.
The construction of the information system which flexibly corresponded to the change of the manufacturing line was examined.
In this paper, quality and productivity improvement of the information system construction by domain analysis and modelling methods were examined.
As domain model construction expression technique, UML (Unified Modeling Language) and specification of equational related equation (specification describing constraint conditions between calculation items and attributes) were proposed.
In this paper, we propose a method to generate a new object model by combining two object models including business rules.
By applying automation tool of design and programming to the model obtained by such procedure, it becomes possible to automatically generate the program.
The personnel management of enterprises in Japan will have to change to the mechanism in which the way of life of the individual is utilized in the enterprise from the viewpoint of the long term.
In the present talent development department, long-term and strategic viewpoints become very important.
In considering the prospect of the problem solution, there are individual problems in one side and enterprise problems in the other.
It is important to make use of self ‐ development.
The Science and Technology Policy Bureau, Science and Technology Agency entrusted the Japan Consulting Engineers Society with the investigation result on the title.
The survey items are 1) Trends of engineers (study in 1992 fiscal year and literature search), 2) Survey on actual conditions and consciousness of engineers (questionnairing for each individual engineer).
ratios in the composition according to man and woman, occupation, trends of employment according to industry of graduates of science and engineering universities, and trends of new graduation technology are described. (Machine assisted translation). (Machine assisted translation) 1) Trends in demand and supply of engineers. (Machine assisted translation) 2) Changes in demand structure.
On the investigation of actual condition and consciousness of engineers, the following were investigated: Employers, majors and job description, working hours, treatment, experience of changing jobs, education and training inside and outside the workplace, consciousness for the job, etc..
Based on these results, the average image of engineers was grasped, and problems and measures related to training and securing of engineers were examined. [1994.3]. (auther abst.) (auther abst.) (auther abst. enginner\'s type)
As information service medium in public employment security office, job order design and job orders are examined through the analysis of table designs cognitive ‐ psychological or cognitive ‐ engineering measures. \"What is easy to understand job order design?\" \"How can I make job orders more easy to see?\" are examined. \"What is easy to understand job order design?\" \"What is easy to understand job order design?\" \"How can I make job orders more easy to see?\" \"What is easy to understand job orders and public cards for job order?\"
It is desired that the public employment security office always grasps the user needs, and that job offer and job seeking information are effectively offered.
5) Summary and future problems.
Sewage sewage sludge biomass energy (SS-BE) is attracting attention as a global waming measure.
About 80% of sewage sludge is organic materials, and it has high calorific value SS.
The digestion method to ferment sewage sludge in the anaerobiotic state and dried and carbonized sewage sludge to utilize it as solid fuels are two methods for recovering energy from sewage sludge SS.
In the fuel making system of Japan Sewage Works Agency (JSWA), conventional drying and carbonizing systems are optimized for fuel cost improvement in operation of the systems, and high calorific value of the generated fuels is aimed at high calorie optmization.
In biomass solid fuel production business, optimization of energy balance in the whole business and effectiveness of general energy applications are important.
The methods of extracting energies from sewage sludge and production of SS biomass solid fuels are described. (1) The energy extraction method of SS from sewage sludge is described.
Housetenboss Co., Ltd. aims at a completely new \"environmental future city\" which maintains comfortable living space while protecting natural environment.
The aerobic fermentation fungus is added to the garbage (about 3 tons / day), horse barn litter and it is fermented at high temperature and high speed, and it can be composted in about 4 weeks, and it is reused as fertilizer for trees, green space and flower bed in the field.
The amount of A heavy oil used decreased to 34kl in 1995 and 19kl in 1996 compared with 1994 (104kl). consumed heary oil of A ‐ type was reduced to 34kl in 1995 and 19kl in 1996.
The index of discharge of carbon dioxide, sulfur oxide and nitrogen oxide also lowered from 100 to 63.
The development process, basic characteristics, performance verification test, exhaust monitoring results high-level radioactive material research facility (Chemical Processing Facility, CPF) of Krypton wide-band detector, etc. were reported. (1) Development history of the Krypton wide-band detector, (2) actual performance for ventilation monitoring,
In chapter 2, as an outline of emission monitoring exhaust control system in CPF, this paper explains an outline of ventilation control system and Krypton monitoring, etc..
In chapter 3, the test and evaluation of the broadband Krypton detector are described.
In chapter 4, the conclusion that the measurement result of broadband Krypton detector is appropriate is described.
[2004.7].
As a part of the scientific researches on high-level radioactive waste geologic disposal technologies, the titled analysis was carried out in order to contribute to the setting of boundary conditions of underground water-flow analyses for evaluating groundwater-flow properties.
The analysis was carried out by reflecting the survey and research results of step 1 of the first stage of the Underground Research Project.
In chapter 2 〜 5, this paper describes the outline of landform and geology, modeling and analysis region, modeling and analysis procedure, and underground water-flow analysis.
Results of the research are summarized in chapter 6.
[2005.5].
The imaging plate has sensitivity 100 〜 1000 times of the X ‐ ray film, and the position resolution is also good.
The radioactivity distribution pattern of the polluted surface can be known.
The sensitivity to beta rays is low, if the emitter thickness is about 40μm and the protective film thickness is about 3μm, and it is advantageous for the measurement of alpha ray. illuminant thickness is about 40μm and the protective film thickness is about 3μm.
In the demonstration reactor No.1, important items were examined as a research common to power industry, and they were reflected in the design.
Concerning the basic reactor constants, the effective multiplication factor and the breeding ratio, etc. are explained.
On the nuclear characteristic evaluation technique, the homogeneous model, correction of heterogeneous effects, derivation of predicted values and the prediction error are described. neutronics evaluation method is explained.
The neutronic characteristics of the demonstration reactor are also introduced.
This paper describes technlological trends of high-efficient electric motor mainly on induction motor.
The Japanese Industrial Standard of the induction motor with less loss and higher efficiency by 1 〜 5% than the conventional one was instituted, and the characteristic evaluation method by the real load was regulated.
The use is also recommended in the energy saving law.
When it is applied to fluid load such as pump or air blower, electric power may increase, if the selection of operating point is not noticed.
It is necessary to pay attention, because the starting current also increases.
By the hybrid optical system of nonspherical mirror and dioptric lens, the engine which can project the screen of 62 inches under projection distance of 20cm and the super thin and rear projection television experimental model using this are introduced.
In the optical system in which the lowest angle of field is large and the effective angle of field range is small, it was found that the image surface bulge can be reduced by the simple optical system composition, regardless of the condition of the conventional Petzval sum, and the low-cost optical system was realized by the simple composition.
Based on such design guidelines, the DLP TMsystem engine and television were produced experimentally.
The distance to the screen reached 125mm, and the largest half angle reached 80 degrees, and the screen distortion was less than 0.4%, and the contrast was 300: 1, and the depth of the television was 26cm.
The light system design with LCD for image display from note type computer ray tracing simulation result has found many design indices, and it can be said to be a field of the light system design technique which utilized the conventional optical design technology.
Such a design area is called \"Display optical system design.\"
However, some generality and commonness must be found in order to carry out the classification.
It is true that the optics structure of these devices has features that are not found in other light systems.
In this paper, the basis and feature of such display optical system design were described based on the light system design. this text describes the following: 1)
This paper describes the prospect of MEMS (micro electro mechanical system) research in Singapore.
In the past several years, a large MEMS research program has been established by considerable financial support from the government.
The micro machine center in NTU (Nanyang Technological University) contributes to research and training of man-powers.
Comprehensive MEMS research and education plan were carried out in NTU, and the increase in the MEMS worker was promoted.
In addition, as new business, middle and small companies and multinational business are being established.
Along the governmental efforts to promote nano-technology and bioengineering, the technology developed for MEMS production is useful for nano-biodevices and systems.
This paper describes the history from the birth of the large image system using full color LED (FCLED) to the present and the latest trend.
Large image system using FCLED was born based on the development of high brightness blue LED element by Nichia Chemical, and the full-scale FCLED large image appeared in front of Shibuya station in Tokyo in 1995.
Recently, in the broadcasting industry, the FCLED large image is installed in the outdoor of the new company building as a face of the broadcast station broadcast station.
And, FCLED large images are used in speedboat race field, racetrack Aichi international exposition, etc., and the FCLED large imaging technique steadily evolves, and the market expands.
Therefore, Sn-Zn solder with low melting point is noticed.
This study investigated one of the problems in using Sn-Zn solder in reflow solidering.
In this solder, there is a problem of the strength degradation by the reaction of Au plating electrode and Zn. The strength deteriorates with the reaction of Zn.
In this report, the reaction between Au and Zn and the relation between Au plating thickness and bond strength were investigated.
As a result, it was found that the bond strength of Au plating was decreased when the plating thickness was thick, and that the bonding strength was drastically lowered when the plating thickness was left in the wet condition.
This paper explains the manufacture of two-dimensional arrangements of fine particles.
The observation method of the packing condition of fine particles by the optical method is also introduced.
In addition, application research to antireflection film, microlens arrays, templates, fine patterning masks, etc. is also introduced.
In recent printed wiring board mounting, not only miniaturization and narrow pitch of parts miniaturization but also three-dimensional mounting have been carried out.
In this paper, the modular high-speed and multifunctional mounting machine \"NXT (next)\" of FUJI MACHINE MFG. Co., Ltd. which corresponds to such demand, is introduced.
In NXT, 1) improvement of feed accuracy of tape feeder, 2) improvement of position recognition accuracy, 3) reduction of component mounting load, 4) optimization of descent profile, 5) reduction of slide resistance, etc. are carried out.
In addition, it also corresponds to the three-dimensional mounting of PoP (Package on Package).
The protocol stack software (PSS) communication with wireless access networks and core networks has been developed for portable terminals in NTT DoCoMo Inc., advanced services and functions support, improvement of communication quality and basic performance, and improvement of competitive power. (1) The protocol stack software (PSS) is a software for mobile telephone terminals.
This paper describes an example of advanced services and functions, and improvement of communication quality and basic performance, which are possible with this PSS.
For advanced services and functions, priority access control for emergency calls, audio / video switchover processing during communication, and access control independent of circuit switching or packet switching are described. preferential connection processing for emergency calls, and access control independent of circuit switching or packet switching are described.
The completion call ratio of terminating calls / originating calls and the battery saving performance are also described. completion rate of terminating calls / receiving calls is improved. completion rate of terminating calls is improved. completion rate of terminating calls is improved.
This software is becoming a common platform of the former terminal developed by mobile terminal suppliers FOMA terminals.
Needs for network management systems under the next generation network are discussed, and some solutions offered by NEC are introduced.
In the future of IP / IMS (IP multi ‐ media subsystem), the telecommunication carrier network will be remarkably changed.
In order to provide useful service on open networks, advanced functions directly connected to decision of carrier business management are required for network management.
These include business management support and customer care service as well as maintaining the conventional requirements for efficient operator management.
A generator which obtains electric power by vibration of a moving object for portable information-processing equipment was examined.
The efficiency of this vibration generator is determined by the relative speed between the coil and the magnet.
A nonlinear vibration of a rotor is used to obtain a large rotary motion from a minute vibration. (1) The self-excited oscillation is a nonlinear vibration of a rotor.
The self-excitation rotation and maximum efficiency were maintained at the frequency of 1-2.5 Hz and the coil turn of 300-7000.
The electric power generation quantity was 380 microwatts.
The amount of power generation is 40 times compared with the fluctuation.
An electric field emitter array integrated with an built-in poly-Si thin film transistor (TFT) was fabricated in order to reduce the operation voltage and stabilize the emitted current.
perfect control of emission current by built-in TFT was realized by optimizing TFT structure for controlling field emission silicon, especially for high withstand voltage and off-current reduction.
The hafnium carbide (HfC) coating on the Si emitting chip improves the emission feature and life.
And, the operation voltage was able to be lowered from 50V to 15V.
The stabilization by TFT control is very effective, and the emission fluctuation of 0.1 is obtained.
In addition, a tube-less vacuum package has been newly developed for display applications.
With the digitalization of the FPU system, the remote control / monitoring system of FPU single units and digital peripheral equipments has become very complicated compared with the conventional system.
In order to cope with the complexity, the outline of FPU remote control equipment for NHK developed and commercialized is introduced.
The FPU local operating panel installed in the base station side has the function to control and monitor each equipment and to carry out data transmission with the FPU remote operating panel in the broadcasting hall side.
The power control panel installed in the base station side and the Broadcasting Station side has the power control function of the maximum 4 systems of transmitting / receiving apparatuses.
A superconductivity single phase auto ‐ transformer with auxiliary winding was experimentally manufactured. (1) The characteristics of the superconducting single phase self ‐ winding transformer shunt winding were investigated.
Since FRP cylinder was inserted between series and shunt winding, it was confirmed that quenched was always caused only by shunt winding.
The operation of the transformer in steady state and system fault was confirmed.
In steady state, the shunt current to the auxiliary winding was as small as 5.2%.
In this paper, the asynchronous torque characteristics of a square wave and a PWM inverter driven by d ‐ and ‐ q ‐ axis rotor are investigated. (1) The effect of the rotor constant on the asynchronous torque characteristics is investigated.
It was confirmed that the power source voltage of any waveform can uniformly analyze the characteristics in the drive, and that it is a useful method.
The three ‐ phase, quadrupoles, 10hp, 220V, and 60Hz ratings of trial electric motor were obtained.
Slip ‐ torque characteristics under reactance change are shown and the relation with the gerges phenomenon is shown. (auther abst.) reactance values of the gels are discussed.
The horizontal or longitudinal snake is adopted from the cable occupying space surface in the horizontal telephone-tunnel part, and the snake pitch and width are decided from the results.
The horizontal snake was applied in the sloped telephone-tunnel section, and the overall length snake construction was applied in the vertical telephone-tunnel section.
The constraint ‐ type cleat is installed for selfweight support.
This paper presents a floor clock which displays a clock by the assembled light using LED as a light source.
This paper describes composition of floor clock, supply of electricity, cautionary notes in construction, life of material, and future problems.
As a new product, LED and artificial marble are introduced.
The disaster prevention floor is used for evacuation and guide display as a problem in the application. (auther abst.) emergency exits and guidance display are mentioned.
A variable reactor starting device capable of changing the power source voltage to 3 stages was developed starting characteristic improvement of the underwater motor pump for water pumping, and direct on starting and comparative experiment were carried out.
Since the voltage can be raised sequentially while the electric motor is connected to the power supply, the acceleration characteristic is also smooth, and the shock in the starting is also little.
And, starting current and starting power can be also reduced in comparison with the direct ‐ on starting.
The starting device can be started up as non ‐ inductive circuit.
The current limiter was experimentally produced by winding 6 superconductive wires without stabilized copper stranded wire and 1 cente line of CuNi 7m in one layer wiring.
The current ‐ limiting operation of a transformer with a large sudden short circuit current was experimentally investigated. energization circuit of a large current sudden short circuit current was constructed by combining several transformers.
The limiting current value at the start of a current ‐ limiting process increases with increasing current rate-of-climb.
The separation of current between wires in the current limiter windings around the quench was also examined. (auther abst.)
One of the most difficult technical problems in the three ‐ dimensional computer manufacturing is electrical bonding in the direction of lamination (Z).
On the other hand, the distance between wafers can not be shortened due to the necessity of cooling.
As a result, the length / radius ratio of the Z wiring conductor increases, and the maintenance of the stability in the conductor formation becomes difficult.
In this study, the formation process was observed using one solder bridge as a basic model.
The titled facility consists of flue gas desulfurization, total drainage, ash disposal, coal transportation, and coal receiving facilities in the bay. stack ‐ gas desulfurization drainage, total drainage, ash treatment, and coal receiving facilities in the bay
An integrated system of these controllers has been introduced.
The integrated system can obtain information of all facilities by one machine, and the general management of the abnormality of facilities is possible, and the burden of the management can be reduced, and the cost can be reduced.
The power supply directly supplies AC100 and DC100 to important control equipment.
A high resolution see ‐ through colored HMD was experimentally produced, and a product used for research on virtual reality, etc. was developed.
It is not only used as a goggle function, but also has a see ‐ through function.
This paper describes features such as this see ‐ through function, display image, adjustment mechanism, and consideration in the design.
And, specifications, performance, resolution, etc. are also introduced.
The Ministry of Posts and Telecommunications announced it every year, and the outline of the white paper in the title corresponding to the 23rd time this time was described.
At first, this paper outlines the present state of information communication and the trend of information communication policy, and analyzes the economic analysis on information communication and the trend for 10 years after the liberalization of telecommunications information and communication in 1985.
And, this paper takes up \"multimedia information and communication market information and communication industry innovation\" as a theme, and presents the present trend from three sides of government, users, and information and communication industry, while 10 years have passed since the introduction of competition principle to the information and communication market, and the information and communication market is facing a big turning point. inclination to multi ‐ media information and communication market.
Finally, problems for the reform of the information and communication market in Japanese information and communication market and the government policy contributing to it are clarified. (auther abst.) innovating the information and communication market in the U.S.A. is explained.
This paper introduces the integration work of exhaust systems which had been three systems in the semiconductor plant until now.
The main purpose is to cope with the extension of production facility and to improve the working rate of existing facilities.
After the integration, only the exhaust of the epitaxial growth device passes through the HCl scrubber, and the others flow directly into the newly established suction chamber.
The final stage of the epitaxial system scrubber releases the exhaust into the atmosphere.
The detection limit was less than 2ppm, which satisfied the environmental standard for the concentration.
This paper is an explanation article of the above problem.
This paper explains definitions of terminology such as ESD (electrostatic discharge).
Next, IC destruction and electrification route are classified, and it is shown in the table that the electrification of 35kV occurs even in the human body static charge.
The electroconductive table mat, floor mat, list strap were countermeasure, and the static charged capacity of the human body was also shown in the table.
As a result, it was found that the time variation of the electrostatic voltage of the wrist strap worn by the worker was shown graphically. (abridged author abst.)
This paper describes characteristics and application of diamond as a heat sink.
The thermal conductivity, coefficient of thermal expansion and electrical characteristics of diamond are shown in comparison with those of other materials.
For heat sink, highly ‐ pure diamond synthesis is necessary, and gas phase preparation diamond is suitable, when large area and low cost are considered.
This paper outlines the present state and future of diamond as heat sink for optical communication and device.
The titled amplifier developed as a part of the 70th anniversary of the establishment of Lux was highly evaluated in famous audio magazines including the gold prize of the best stereo component grand prix of the radio technology magazine.
This paper describes the planning intention of this machine, and the history of deciding to 500W / 8Ω specification by the BTL system.
Advantages of balanced transmission, input circuit and attenuator are explained, and features of twin hybrid diamond buffer circuit in which the first stage is made to be a FET are described attennator.
The balanced amplifier circuit named balance CSSC (Complementary Single Stagger Circuit) which drives the speaker BTL, and multiple current feedback mechanism called ODβ (optimized dual NFB) which is applied to balance CSSC are explained.
This paper describes the high inertia power supply and BTL output stage power supply system. (Machine assisted translation). (Machine assisted translation) copper foil stynene capacitor with copper tube, and other custom parts are adopted.
This paper explains the hole drilling of the captioned manufacturing technology.
This paper explains the outline of each system of excimer laser, carbon dioxide laser, and ND: Yag laser, and features such as machining accuracy.
This paper discusses shapes, processes, quality, application examples and problems of a build up via with a moderate taper by laser.
This paper introduces the chemical etching methods such as hole drilling by light using photo ‐ polymer, alkali, acid, etc.
The first radiation fin is installed on one side of the chip, and the second radiation fin is installed on the other side.
The second heat sink is connected to the mold on the chip surface side, and the heat radiation fin is connected to the mold on the chip surface side.
Joining is done by crimping when cutting the outer lead of the frame. junction is done by cladding the outer lead of the frame.
As a result, the package warpage can be prevented without increasing the number of assembly process, and the heat radiation effect can be raised.
An image sensor of two ‐ dimensionally arranged correlation detectors between incident light and electric signal is proposed.
The photodiode detector converting incident photon into photocurrent (multiplicand), the current mode multiplier generating the product of photocurrent and electric signal, the capacitor accumulating the correlation result by integral of product current, and the CCD or MOS switching circuit scanning the correlation result as ordinary video signal are outside electric signal input (multiplier) common to every pixel.
Several possible structures and circuits are proposed and verified.
Application of this sensor is also discussed.
This paper explains the titled technology using PDP, while noticing the possibility to large screen wall ‐ mounted television receiver.
This paper explains memory function of PDP as a fundamental premise to television display.
Next, as a television display method, this paper explains the principle of the display and DC and AC types representation format.
In addition, this paper explains the degradation of the dynamic images and the countermeasures, after it explains from the angle of the display system.
The DC ‐ DC converter installed in a communication rack mounted electronic circuuit substrate is equipment for evaluating the characteristics which the input is suddenly changed of the communication on ‐ board power supply.
The voltage fluctuation caused by fuse insertion is simulated by the equipment for evaluating the characteristics which the input was suddenly changed.
Actual input sudden change voltage waveform was stored in data base, and it was output to DC amplifier through D ‐ A converter, and input sudden change of arbitrary waveform was enabled.
As a result of operation confirmation in which the sine wave half ‐ cycle was applied to the on ‐ board power supply, it was confirmed that the operation as intended was obtained.
A high ‐ speed vacuum circuit breaker has been developed to reduce the duration of short circuit momentary voltage drop to one cycle.
It is a vacuum breaker which incorporates a high ‐ speed breaking mechanism by electromagnetic repulsion coils operation axis of a vacuum valve and trip coils.
The detection time was 4ms.
In the analysis, the drop accident of 60% of bus ‐ bar voltage was recovered to 96%.
This paper introduces the titled crystal product developed by Kinseki Co., Ltd.
This paper explains the development background of new product CX ‐ 16F from the standardization of specifications on form and cost.
This product is a surface mounting leadless type small, thin, and low price product, and its outside dimension and inner structure are shown.
This paper describes determination of the standard frequency, load capacity, and reflow condition of the same product.
The metastable RZ nonlinear pulses propagating through the transmission path optical fibers with group velocity dispersion of dispersion management soliton, dispersion allocated soliton or stretch pulse, etc. are called dispersion managed soliton, dispersion allocation soliton or stretch pulses.
These nonlinear pulses may have better transmission characteristics than usual optical soliton in fiber with dispersion over uniformity in ransmission direction.
The characteristics of the stretch pulse in the transmission path in which the group velocity dispersion sign periodically inverts are clarified, and in addition, the long range propagation characteristics of the stretch pulse in the more practical transmission path are clarified for the numerical simulation.
The transmission path in which abnormal dispersion fiber and normal dispersion fiber were alternately connected in the same length was analyzed as a model.
This paper introduces the outline of digital satellite broadcasting technology, and outlines the present state of digital broadcasting in foreign countries.
In the technology of digital satellite broadcasting, information coding for information compression, service multiplication of services, satellite transmission method, limited reception of scramble, etc., and service information are explained.
These technologies enable multi ‐ channel broadcasting, viewing contract of chargeable broadcasting, classification of program tables, transmission of personal contact mail with all members, and viewer participation programs by bi ‐ directional function.
Eurocopter EC120B is a 5 persons carry light / single / turbine helicopter jointly developed by 3 companies of France, Germany and China.
The installation engine is Arrius 2F turboshaft engine made by Turbo ‐ Mecha Co. (France).
This paper introduces the outline of this engine by the following items.
The air system, fuel system, control system, indication system, and engine mount are described. (free turbine system, 376kW / 504shp / 6000rpm, 103kg, reduction gearbox, gas generator, power turbine, exhaust pipe), (2) structure (reduction gearbox, gas generator), (3) oil system, (4) air system, (5) fuel system, (6) control system, (7) engine mounting.
Shipment of gasoline engine is 6173,000 units, which is almost the same as the preceding year.
The shares of non ‐ utility use, OEM use and single shipment are 38.0%, 37.7% and 23.2%, respectively.
Though in the quantity for private use, it is almost the same as the preceding year for domestic use, the unit export is increasing, and it decreases for private use and via OEM. export of the engine proper is increasing.
The shipment of gasoline engine to the agricultural forestry industry and fisheries machinery sector is 3352000 units, accounting for 54.3% of the market share. (auther abst.)
In cooling by temperature control, cold draft is easy to be generated, and cooling oedrom such as heat shock in and out becomes a problem.
This can be avoided, if the temperature setting is made to be higher than the conventional.
As a method for supplementing the amenity which is damaged by raising the temperature setting, it is to control and utilize thermal environmental factors except for the temperature.
That is to say, three methods of radiant panel cooling, positive utilization of felt air flow, and reduction of humidity.perature of the panel is measured by the measurement of the temperature and humidity.
In this paper, we report the results of the experiments conducted in the summer of 1991 and 1992 by changing the humidity setting.
DNPH (2,4 ‐ dinitrophenylhydrazine) was acetonitrile solution was used as a HPL (high performance liquid chromatography method) for the analysis of aldehyde genera in automobile exhaust gases.
Here, the reproducibility, calibration curves, detection limits, aging variations, etc. are introduced.
acetonitrile dilute solutions reproducibility of 0.3 〜 0.9% relative standard deviation (10 repetitive analyses) correlation coefficient formaldehyde detection limit of 0.0018μg / mL, calibration curve of 1 (test of standard data by 6 kinds of acetonitrile dilute solutions), etc. were obtained with high accuracy. clibration curves of 0.3- 0.9% relative standard deviation (10 repetitive analyses) were obtained.
The standard materials did not show any aging variation, but the exhaust gases showed aging variation, so the analysis after the sampling should be carried out promptly. (abridged author abst.)
AR (Activated Radical) combustion engine is an engine which improves the conventional combustion by utilizing activated free radicals.
AR combustion technology is a combustion technology positively utilizing the self ignition phenomenon.
The self ignition timing is controlled by a control valve installed in the exhaust port.
The tough up tube is a new structure tire tube for motorcycle excellent in puncture prevention ability.
The tube has a dual structure consisting of an air chamber and a liquid chamber, and a puncture prevention liquid is enclosed in the liquid chanber in the production process.
The liquid chamber covers the range of the grounding surface side of the tire, and the air chamber is independent of each other.
This paper reports cutting simulation by atomistic models and experiments by ultramicrocutting equipment. minimym cutting equipments.
The cutting experiment was carried out using a diamond tool and air and oil static pressure spindle.
This paper describes the Morse potential between atoms and the nominal undeformed chip thickness in the inimum cutting simulation, and illustrates the analytical result.
In conclusion, the cutting edge abrasion was Al > copper, and the minimum cutting thickness was Al: copper. (auther abst.) minimum undeformed chip thickness was about the same as that of
In the titled motorcycle, the revolution in low speed range was stabilized by large torque at low speed, and the acceleration sensation in high revolution range was also excellent.
The straight running stability in the expressway running was firm.
The cornering was smooth, reliable and stable sensation.
The specific fuel consumption of the test course was 18.7km / l, which was equivalent to that of multi ‐ cylinder water ‐ cooled engines of the same class.
This paper also describes the major specifications of the system.
The purpose of this study is to develop a new wheel lathe planned re ‐ profiling machine for the wheel ‐ milling machine. conventional milling machines are not only to reduce the number of milling cycles but also to improve the efficiency of the milling machine post re ‐ profiling.
This lathe has a DDS (digital data system) equipment which stores data on wheel profile and wheel shape.
These data can be analyzed by the personal computer, if it is converted by the conversion program.
Urawa electric railcar depot is analyzed.
A five shaft control machining center is effective for machining of dies, impellers, and various blades with complicated three ‐ dimensional curved surfaces.
First, this paper clarifies differences between 3 shaft machining and 5 shaft machining, and indicates problems of 3 shaft maching.
This paper shows that the problem is solved by the 5 shaft machining, and that machining efficiency can be raised.
This paper explains that the point which can skillfully use the 5 shaft machine is the good utilization of postprocessor and interference checking system.
The captioned 900SE 2.0 TURBO is mounted with a turbo of high pressure or low pressure.
The power performance of the high pressure turbo charger is winding ‐ up and winding ‐ down of the winding, and the long wheel base body is made to run lightly.
Along with the direct feeling of power steering, there is a feeling of toughness of the suspension.
That is to say, sharp controllability and toughness are well matched.
The low rotational speed characteristics of the low pressure turbo engine are effective for urban running.
This machine was constructed for the purpose of deep sea observation and research to the deepest ocean bottom of 11,000 m.
In March 1995, it was grounded in the deepest part of the Mariana Trench at 10,911m, and the initial performance was verified.
TV camera photographing, work by a manipulator, and sound positioning are features automatic navigation investigation and towed investigation.
The system, launcher composition, controlling gears, cable structures, etc. of this machine are introduced.
This paper outlines the flow characteristics and features of equipment for dry crushing and classification of fine particles using air jet.
subject crusher jet mill nozzles particles tangentially injected from cylindrical container periphery, and particles are accelerated by high ‐ speed jet, and crushing is carried out by collision between particles and wall surface collision of particles.
Some mills have additional impact boards to increase impulsive force.
As classifiers using jet, there are virtual impactors, elbow jets, etc., and particles with simple structure, large quantity, and strong adhesion can be handled.
The trend of the camera and lens put on sale in 1996 is summarized.
However, the features of APS are not yet sufficient from the viewpoint of wood sense, and the future expansion tendency is expected.
Regarding lenses, popularization of high magnification AF zoom lenses was conspicuous.
In this paper, to make advanced design and size compaction of the cameras, we describe the outline of the system and the results
The head mount display (HMD) which is a visual equipment presenting visual images is capable of stereoscopic vision.
The concept of HMD following operator\'s line of slight display for high resolution images, sensor for detecting operator\'s line of sight display for images having wide angle of view, and display positin controller is proposed.
In order to realize HMD following the line of sight, a prototype system was developed.
The optical system is shown.
The evaluation experiment on the presentation of the high resolution images was carried out.
The reduction of railcar interior noise is taken up as a problem.
reduction of vibration transmission to floor floor board was attempted by reducing radiation noise of floor board with sound absorbing effect in receiving floor beams, and by elastic support of floor board with special damping rubber.
The policy of the development of this structure is that the material is incombustible and there is no additional weight, and that it is low ow cost, etc..
In addition, this paper assumes that conventional components such as a duct arranged through the floor can be installed.
In the drilling of stainless steel, especially chip handling is often a cause of the trouble.
Here, the cutting performance of \"Magic Drill\" which KYOCERA Co., Ltd. throw ‐ away tip drill and breaker developed for the stainless steel which attaches to it, are introduced. performance of the chip breaker is explained.
This drill is made to be a shape in which outside cutting edge and inside cutting edge are arranged in the same tip in 2 corners.
This paper explains examples of drilling and drilling conditions including chip handling.
An active stability control system and an electric power steering system developed by Delphi Automotive, a subsidiary of GM, are introduced.
This is the electric control system of all.
In the former, there are 2 and 4 channel systems, and it is a system to control braking forces in the front 2 wheels and 4 wheels by monitoring the movement of the front 2 wheels and 4 wheels, respectively.
As a result of test drive of both systems in real cars, good running performance and merits and demerits were experienced.
The high rotational speed of the air ‐ static bearing spindle and the path utilizing the good rotation accuracy are prepared in FINE DATA.
This paper describes the experience and results of high speed milling and CAM system of this company.
The workpiece materials include non ‐ ferrous metal aluminum, copper alloy, wood, resin, etc., mainly iron and steel materials.
Then, it is explained that optimum cutting conditions and tool paths are studied using tools of 0.1 〜 6mm diameter for these materials.
Since the image on the photographing lens is directly observed, the single lens reflex finder has excellent functions such as observation as a positive standing image and no parallax in the photographing screen.
This paper explains the structure and specifications (visual field ratio, eye point, visibility, magnification) of optical systems.
The mechanism and action of each part which constitutes the optical system such as movable mirror, focusing screen, Fresnel lens, mat plane, pentaprism are explained.
This paper also mentions correction mechanisms of eyesight, detection of view lines and exchangeable finders.
This paper describes the management of the home page of the architectural design offices.
Blog should be used for the operation for functioning Web pages as a business development tool.
The access is invited by impressing by the name of the blog, and it is always renewed, and it is guided to the home page.
In the content of the blog, the topical topic must always be prepared, and the completion photos must be of good quality.
You can also have multiple blogs.
The security card renewal work of Hokkoku Newspaper Co. is introduced.
The security card of the past security system was renewed to the high-function IC card system so that it may be utilized in other system (employee cafeteria system).
The IC chip built-in card information is read by the noncontacting card reader, and the fixed registration information is referred to, and electric lock and lock of the mailailbox door are carried out. registrated information is read by the noncontacting card reader.
IC card is a hybrid type of contact and non-contact common use adopting MIFARE (Philips development).
The Myanma federation is a multiracial nation composed of 135 races, with a land area 1.8 times larger than Japan and a population of 52 million.
The Burma group occupies about 70% on the composition of races, and most of the nation is Buddhist.
This paper presents the history of port development and present situation of Outports, formation, position, containerization and recent situation of Yangon harbor.
Though the market economization of Myanmar is retarded in comparison with Laos, Cambodia, and Vietnam which are said to be the latter ASEAN 4 countries with their own countries, and GDP per capita remains at least $180, it is expected to remarkably develop, if the political problem is solved, because 70% of the flat land is natural resources and labor cost is extremely cheap.
Disaster prevention measures of clean room are introduced.
In the fire control of clean room, there are many semiconductor factories which sprinkler is not installed, even if fire alarm is installed.
This is because when the sprinkler is in operation, the production facility becomes inundated and the operation is stopped.
On the other hand, there is a system which detects the fire before the situation becomes serious.
\"Ultrasensitive Smoke Detection System\" installed in the return area of clean room has about 2000 times sensitivity as compared with general fire alarm. \"Ultrasensitive Smoke Detection System\" installed in the return air area of clean room has about 2000 times sensitivity.
MiC quake-free system of TAISEI CORPORATION and Viscose quake-free system of Takenaka Komuten KAJIMA CORPORATION are provided seismic countermeasure. \"multilayer floor quake-free factory\" of Kajima Corporation, \"MiC quake-free system\" of TAISEI CORPORATION, etc.
With the aging of highway bridge stock, the support technology which develops the prediction technology of inspection, diagnosis and degradation of the bridge and efficiently and systematically maintains and manages the bridge by utilizing these technologies is required.
calculation program capable of calculating future repair cost in fiscal year unit according to the scenario of repair and reinforcement was prepared by fiscal year of 2004, by carrying out prediction of degree of damage of member on the basis of periodic check data of bridges by the preceding fiscal year.
And, future transition of repair cost in giving a scenario of repair reinforcement countermeasure was estimated using bridge inspection data in the jurisdiction of national highway office, and the effect of various conditions and factors on future prediction was examined.
And, for welded joint of steel I-girder bridge, a summary evaluation method of fatigue durability was also examined on the basis of traffic and structural conditions of each bridge.
The titled method is to press existing traffic line surface beams one by one horizontally, and to receive both ends of the pipes by a frame composed of RC ‐ structured foundation piles and abutments.
Next, a new structure is constructed by drilling under the line surface.
The upper slab and side wall concrete members are jacked up by jack on the lower slab concrete in order to eliminate the gap between the lower end of pipe and the upper floor slab.
This paper deals with the response of non ‐ binding granular material pavements with thin seal coat surface to volume change of subgrade.
The swelling and contraction of subgrade by repetition of simple drying and wetting were considered.
In the numerical analysis, the heat similarity law which treats isotropic heat expansion and heat shrinkage as similar to free swelling and shrinkage welling was adopted.
As a result of the analysis, this numerical analysis method can well explain the response of pavement subjected to volume change of subgrade.
This paper reports notes from the viewpoint of interior and furniture among the things left in the impression when the hospital training in Southern Europe and Netherland was carried out by the participation in the 14th Overseas Hospital Architecture Observation group.
The use of many stone materials is conspicuous, and expensive marble is abundantly used, and the unevenness of the surface produced by the sculpture creates a more rich space.
Various paints are gorgeously decorated.
Furniture is made of resin and metal, and its shape and color are rich.
The titled dam is a concrete gravity type with a dam height of 21.7m and crest length of 85.5m, and is used for flood control, water flowing function maintenance, and water supply for multipurpose.
This paper adopts a porous branching outlet type for the water intake facility. hte intake works are described.
Concrete placing of levee body and reduced vigor was carried out by 100t crawler cranes.
extremely fine granular cement was adopted for the consolidation grouting, and good results were obtained. (auther abst.) (auther abst.)
This paper introduces the approach to the new railway materialization in the title with the episode related to the patent procedure.
It is called the patent that the country gives the iron railway enterprises exclusive management right of the transportation services.
Osaka monorail negotiations for obtaining the patent with extending the railways are described in the order of prior consultation, application to the council of the Ministry of Transport, and patent.
Construction of the titled monorail was started in the first stage section, and the second stage was applied for a patent in January, 1995.
Recently, the toilet is recognized as a multipurpose space.
In the future building equipment plan, consciousness for the toilet and the utilization action were arranged, and the mutual relation was examined.
In this paper, totaling result of the questionnaire for the student was compared with the general adults.
The survey items were divided into 8 groups such as distance to the toilet, allowable waiting time, action after waiting time, form of desirable toilet, and request.
This paper presents a homologous vibration mode formulation of the titled design. (1) The design method of the homologous vibrational mode is described. (2) The design method of the homologous natural frequency mode is described.
An example of homology design for natural frequency modes from low order to second order is shown.
The time history analysis was carried out by giving exciting force to the structure obtained by the design.
A homologous vibration mode shape is shown to be similar to the vibration shape of the homologous vibration mode.
In the execution of new countermeasure for development of mountain villages from fiscal 1991, the investigation for smoothly promoting concrete policy and related projects is carried out.
As a part of this research, the research supporting regional activation was carried out by highly utilizing natural resources such as agricultural, forestry and fishery produts.
This paper carries out the detailed investigation by the specialist for Ninohe city, Iwate Prefecture.
[1996.3]. \"project of exchanges utilizing regional resources, high value addition of regional specialty products, and settlement measures for young people.\" (Machine assisted translation). (Machine assisted translation) adding more value on regional specialties, and settlement measures for young people.
The Ministry of International Trade and Industry Agency of Natural Resources and Energy commissioned the Chubu Industry Activation Center (Foundation) to carry out an interim report on deciding the regional promotion plan.
Taking National Route 361 connecting Inadani and Kisodani as high standard road approved in the business, measures for regional improvement aiming at promotion and creation of regional industry in the area of interchanging zone area were examined.
Three towns and eight villages in Kiso District in Nagano Prefecture were surveyed as an object region of the investigation.
3) Problems of Kiso wide ‐ area zone: Detailed discussion (population problem, industrial problem, living environment, development impact of road) .4) Direction of Kiso wide ‐ area promotion plan.
SBS (sick ‐ building syndrome) is introduced with explanation.
This began to become a problem from the beginning of 1980\'s, when complaints such as vertigo and nausea, headache and quilibrious interval disorder, pain and discomfort of the eye and nose throat, etc. occurred frequently from the inhabitant of so ‐ called energy saving building in Europe and America.
In Japan, the term \"new construction sickness\" began to insufficiency of the ventilation, and the concentration of volatile chemical substance, dust, carbon dioxide, etc. was investigated concerning indoor environment, especially improvement of the sealing degree and shortage of ventilation.
This paper describes the symptom of the indoor environment of highly sealable houses. (auther abst.) observation tests of the indoor environment of highly sealable houses.
METI intends to scale-up these model projects in fiscal 2006 international resource circulation promotion, while it is going to support the local governments.
On the other hand, the Environment Ministry (EM) is examining the preparation of guidelines for distinguishing used products and measures for securing traceability, since the situation of importing and exporting wastes containing toxic substances under the pretext of \"used products\" is not going to stop.
And, when the prevention of environmental pollution is ensured, the recognition that \"smoothing of import and export of circulated resources\" is important is shown, and in addition, the construction of \"database of harmful substances common to Asia\" is also considered.
The challenge of Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry and Ministry of Environment aiming at the optimization of resource circulation in Asian area was reported. EM and METI are reported.
Let\'s take a look at the swell of global environmental research.
Became a research manager at the Global Enviromental Research Center.
This paper reports the results of questionnairing on the second global environment researcher exchange conference.
) .Activity report of Global Environment Research Center. [1992.2].
A low concentration odor measuring method which can not be measured by the conventional sensory evaluation method was examined, and the background was also described.
The basis of the measuring method is concentration of three point comparison type smell bag method for measuring the concentration of general environment odor. (1) The concentration of the odor is measured by the thickening of a general environment odor bag method.
The odor measurement of general environment was carried out by this method.
This method is expected to be applied to odor concentration map preparation, odor environmental assessment, odor level of environmental achievement setting, etc.
This paper takes up the actual condition of oil pollution accidents and the countermeasures mainly on tanker accidents.
Marine transportation of crude oil in the world in 1992 was 1.3 billion tons, and crude oil import in Japan was 210 million tons.
This paper presents oil pollution accidents by recent main tankers.
This paper explains international and Japanese approaches to tanker accidents.
Changes in water quality in the rooting zone of Zizania latibolia Turcz., cultivated in a laboratory, were measured.
Time course of NH4 ‐ N concentration in gap water in the rooting zone accumulated removal quantity of N during the experimental period was measured at different positions. time ‐ series variations of NH4 ‐ N concentration in gap water were measured.
The amount of cumulative removal was larger in the peripheral part of the rooting zone than in the central part.
In the peripheral part, the development of root hairs was remarkable, and it was considered that it was mainly caused by absorption + nitrification of plants.
The nitrification quantity of Zizania latibolia Turcz., estimated from the growth and component measurement of Zizania latifolia, was about 7070 of absorption quantity
This paper describes the transition of domestic wastewater treatment technology and contaminant characteristics of domestic wastewater.
The principle of water treatment is described by dividing water treatment into phase transfers of contaminants, size of contaminants and water treatment.
The classification and types of the biological treatment method are described by dividing into the classification by reaction types of bacteria, the classification by retention types of microorganisms, and the supporting type of biological treatment methods.
The domestic wastewater treatment reflects the progress of the technology by treatment technology and treatment principle and social demand by the age.
This paper describes the technology developed by Tokyo Metropolitan Industrial Technology Center to gasified trichloroethylene (TCE) and decontamination process in silent discharge.
Spent TCE is introduced into the reactor during silent discharge with air, and TCE is decomposed to carbon dioxide and hydrogen chloride by the action of discharge and ozone generated there.
The generation rate of ozone and the effect of discharging in nitrogen atmosphere are described.
The decomposition rate was 100%, 99% and 72% under specific conditions at concentrations of 260, 600 and 17,000ppm of TCE.
For complete decomposition, the mole ratio of ozone / TCE was more than 8.5.
CO2 emission from incineration treatment of waste is reduced by separating incineration treatment process into high ‐ temperature thermal decomposition and complete combustion of vapor ‐ phase products, and a new incineration method is proposed to fix a part of carbon in waste.
Since the apparent thermal conductivity of the waste is generally small, microwave was used for supplementary heating.
A small experimental furnace consisting of a thermal ‐ decomposition container, a secondary combustion chamber, a microwave introduction part and a gas heating device was manufactured, and the paper waste was tested as a sample.
The CO2 emitted from electric power of microwave and town gas used for heating of the sample was able to be suppressed even in the net subtraction, by fixing over 50% of the carbon contained. (Machine assisted translation) CO2 discharge was shown.
The atmosphere monitor system which combined 4 kinds of semiconductor gas sensor elements was improved to the portable type.
The semiconductor gas sensors are selectivity sensors for hydrogen sulfide, sulfur compound, ammonia and general combustible gas, respectively.
It was confirmed that each sensor responded almost linearly in the range of 20 〜 90% RH, and the compensation for the humidity was carried out.
The calibration curve of this system for the degree of dilution of odor gas by clean air was prepared.
Offensive odor measurement was carried out in the facilities handling organic solvent, and the practicability of this system was verified.
Melting stone material of sewage sludge is a series of technology to carry sewage sludge slag to the point of crystallizing. fusion stone processing is a technology to convert sewage sludge slag into crystal.
There are \"ash fusion stone processing\" which makes the product from incinerated ash to \"cake fusion stone processing\" which makes the product directly from dehydrated cake to be \"cake fusion stone processing.\"
The type of the fusion furnace is different between the two processes, and the flow ‐ sheets of both processes are compared and shown.
There are three types of stone products, sandy, gravel and block, and they have various applications for civil engineering works. sonte products are classified into three types, sand, gravel and block.
The stone products have physiochemical characteristics over the equivalent to the natural stone, and the luster by polishing is also equivalent to the granite.
This paper explains the titled consciousness survey results of more than 14000 stores.
There were features such as decrease of profit by intensified competition, decrease of income by participation of large service stations, expansion of profit outside of oil, and review of selling prices.
The questionnaire result of 16 items of management reform measures of the service station was shown by the percentage.
And, this paper explains the report of Ministry of International Trade and Industry and Agency of Natural Resources and Energy on supply of petroleum products, which makes \"freedom of selection\" and \"clarification of transaction conditions\" as a pillar of each business.
For the leisure flight, the aircraft taking off from runway 14 of Honda Airport at Okegawa ‐ City was left airplane.
500m from the end of the runway, the captain sat on the farm in a riverbed and damaged badly. (left landing gear left runway light direction of runway direction of about 500m from the end of runway direction of runway direction of about 500m.). (right landing gear left pilot ‐ in ‐ command) The airplane was fixed in the runway direction of about 500m. (left landing gear left pilot ‐ in ‐ command land
The pilot ‐ in ‐ command and one passenger were on board the airplane, but there were no casualties.
It is assumed that this was due to the fact that there was an inappropriate point in the operation of the captain.
The course of take ‐ off, damage of the airplane, airplane, weather condition, test for recognizing the fact and research, etc. and the reason for recognizing the fact are described.
Though the automation on the business such as signal handling can be attempted by the PRC, the input of the schedule data is required for the computer.
Then, in future construction of PRC systems, realization of efficient function for the above input work becomes a issue.
This paper reports the above work realized in Central Japan Railway Co.
The PRC system remotely controlling the signals is directly inputting the operation planing data system with the aim of efficiency improvement by supplementing the data such as replacement and construction data. railway schedule data are input directly from the operation planning data system.
The reserve of natural gas has various forms dissolution in crude oil and independent gas deposit, and the development and production technology are integrated with the case of crude oil.
Recently, natural gas called unconventional type has also been developed, but it is not necessary to technically distinguish it from conventional type.
On the other hand, pipeline transportation and underground storage can be said to enter the category of development and production technology in a broad sense under ground storage.
This paper explains the water well drilling technology, natural gas production technology, and transportation and storage. horizontal well drilling technology, natural gas production technology, and transportation and storage are explained.
As for absorption of hydrogen, the application range was clarified by the preparation of the proper corrosion preventive protective potential diagram.
After that, the sacrificial anode was successfully developed, and the safety was improved.
The material in the title which has high temperature characteristics equivalent to SCH21 and low cost was developed.
The effect of additive elements on the high temperature characteristics obtained in the development process and material characteristics are reported.
From the experimental results, the relationship between oxidation resistance and Cr quantity was shown as an example of the effect of additive elements on the high temperature characteristics.
The effect of each component on the high ‐ temperature tensile strength is also mentioned, and the composition of the developed material is introduced.
In addition, the high ‐ temperature tensile strength of the developed material was compared with that of SCH21, and it was shown that the developed material had the same characteristics as that of SCH21.
When the piercing process of thin sheet is carried out by ultra ‐ high ‐ pressure gas, the fractured surface is good and no burrs are generated.
In order to evaluate the practicability of the metal sheet, the effect of the sheet thickness on the piercing mechanism, dimensional accuracy, and gas pressure was examined.
When the sheet thickness was more than 0.6mm, burrs occurred.
The accuracy decreases in proportion to the sheet thickness and inversely proportionate to the hole diameter. [1995.1]. dimensional accuracy and shear drop width are constant regardless of pressure.
In the hot rolling mill, the reduction position and speed of each stand are changed in order so that the mass flow balance does not disturb. (1) The reduction position and speed of each stand are changed in order so that the mass flow balance does not disturb gauge thickness change.
In order to verify the possibility of the thickness change between runs, this paper adopts a technique to suppress the mass flow variation, verifies it by a simulator, constructs a test system, and carries out a real machine test gauge thickness change.
As a result, it became possible to change of a gauge thickness of 400μm within 1s.
In this paper, we describe the results of the running gauge thickness changing system and the actual machine test.
In active noise control, there is a delay time constraint in the application of the processing system, but the delay time can be shortened, if the prediction of the noise is possible by utilizing the property of the noise source, etc.
This paper describes sound attenuation simulation of a press which repeatedly generates noise of similar feature patterns by three kinds of noise prediction systems.
In the AR model, the sound attenuation quantity of 20dB was obtained by the prediction in one step.
The prediction method of two steps or over increase in prediction step and change in prediction accuracy are shown in the amount of noise attenuation. (auther abst.) ound attenuation quantity is shown.
Generally, two processes of joining after sintering are required, but resistance sintering and joining may be achieved simultaneously, if the energization sintering is applied.
In this study, simultaneous sintering and joining of the sintered body to the molten material by electric resistance sintering was examined. ingot metal was sintered by electric current sintering.
The melting of the base metal at the joining part remarkably improves the bonding strength.
It was found that the high thermal conductivity of the sintered aluminum alloy with low melting point caused the melting at the joint, and that the high bonding strength was obtained by the penetration into the sintered body. (auther abst.)
A method to press rubber and pipe together in the axial direction by cylinders of right and left pairs and a method to press rubber and pipe separately in the axial direction by cylinders of right thrust and left thrust were adopted.
The effect of these methods on the forming of the branch pipe was examined.
On the basis of the experimental results, a device capable of maintaining the rubber\'s inner pressure constant was experimentally produced and tested.
As a result, it was found that the height of the branch pipe can be increased by setting and controlling the rubber inner pressure appropriately.
This paper proposes a method for identifying the residual stress distribution from measured small number of residual stress values as a simple estimation method of residual stress of welded parts, and proposes a method for identifying the residual stress distribution from measured small number of residual stress values.
After nondestructive stress measurement by X ‐ ray, stress distribution is estimated from the change data of strain gauge at a specific point by cutting the sample.
The residual stress on the welding line which is difficult to measure by X ‐ ray method can be identified using the strain gauge measured values away from the welding line.
SUS316 stainless steel butt welded joint experiment was carried out to verify the effectiveness of the proposed method.
To control circumferential shear deformation of piping material in Mannesmann punch rolling, the plastic deformation in forced rotation of plug and increase of circumferential speed of plug surface was examined using plasticine.
As a result, the shear deformation in the circumferential direction decreases, when the rotation speed is larger than that when the plug rotates subordinated by frictional force.
However, when the rotational speed is too large, the inverse deformation occurs.
It was proven that the optimum rotation speed existed.
And, the material was easy to extend in the circumferential direction, and the outer diameter became large.
The formability of spline rolling of cup ‐ like material was analyzed using the general ‐ purpose analysis software ABAQUS, and the effect of outside tool tooth form shape on the deformation of the product was examined.
In the rolling analysis model, Coulomb\'s friction acts between the material and the tool, and the rotation direction of the inside and outside tools is fixed in the opposite direction.
The rolling simulation model was found to reproduce the deformation conditions.
And, it was effective for the formability to raise the tooth depth by increasing the outside tool outer diameter.
With the advance of personal computer and digital technology, the electrophotographic process is widely applied not only to analog copying machine but also to laser printer and facsimiles.
And, though monochrome has been the mainstream until now, the coloring has advanced very rapidly in recent years.
In addition, since advance and extension to the POD (Print on Demand) field have become one of the targets recently, further improvement in image quality and speedup are required in view of the printing region.
In this paper, first, after outlining electrophotographic process and toner, present status research and development, future problems, direction, etc. were considered, mainly on CCA which greatly affects charging property which is one of the most important properties of toner.
Causes of combustion failures in heavy oil fired boilers are described.
The toxic substances contained in heavy oil cause the failure.
When carbon residue is heated, it becomes a hard precipitate, and it becomes a cause of the clogging of the strainer and that of the burner chip.
Sulfur content causes sulfate corrosion in low temperature parts such as air preheater and fuel economizer.
The ash content melts in softening, attaches to the high temperature part, and causes the corrosion.
In particular, vanadium forms low ‐ melting ‐ point chemical compound in the presence of alkali metal and sulfur, and corrodes metals remarkably. (auther abst.)
The software in the title which optimizes the operating condition using manufacturing equipment such as chemistry, medicine, food, iron making, metal, ceramic industries, etc. was developed.
linear and non ‐ linear regression, step regression and data fitting by interpolation and extrapolation, response surface method, statistical experimental design method, evolutive optimization method, experiential modelling method, etc. were used as generic technology.
This software is cheap, simple, and quick.
The data acquisition, data selection, correlation equation decision, contour diagram preparation, operation under optimum operating condition, and confirmation of the effect are carried out in order in the use.
It can be carried out by CPU over 133MHz and Windows correspondence personal computer with the memory over 32MB, and the result is often obtained in 2 〜 3 hours.
The recovery and reuse system of the drainage containing DMSO (dimethylsulfoxide) generated in the manufacturing process of the liquid crystal display is introduced.
A biofilm wastewater treatment method was developed, which can treat the titled wastewater with TOC concentration of several hundred mg / l to the odor and the biofilm process to the detection limits.
The results of pilot plant tests were able to be processed to the reusable level as raw water for deionizers.
The recovered water was available as raw water, and the operation was possible with odor intensity of 2.5 or less without the installation of deodorizer.
The total abolishment of CFC for PUF is decided in future, and the alternative CFC is used.
Attention is necessary, because there are flammable substitution CFCs.
The can contained foaming PUF is liable to rupture at temperatures above 40 ℃, and the valve made of rubber is liable to leak gas due to degradation.
It is necessary to confirm the safety so as not to cause a fire accident in the spark under construction.
This paper explains knife preparation for cut off of corrugators and margin ‐ to ‐ seam knife preparation of carton formers.
Regarding operation speed adjustment of hydraulic and pneumatic cylinders, this paper explains the adjustment method by illustrating structure of flow control valve, etc..
The torque limiter, torque releaser, stopper, hydraulic relief valve, etc. are illustrated and explained as protection equipment of the machine.
The adjustment is not particularly difficult, so it is important to acquire it by oneself.
intermediate evaluations of molten carbonate type fuel cells and ideal way of future research and development were described. (1) The characteristics of power generation by fuel cells, (2) the present state of research and development, (3) the intermediate evaluation
The fuel cells are expected as a new power generation system which can simultaneously solve the sustainable growth of the economy, stable supply of energy, and environmental preservation in good balance.
The alkali and phosphate types finished the research and development.
The molten carbonate type has reached the stage of promoting the development of a 1000kW class power generation system.
Major detergent manufacturers in Japan have converted surfactants used from anionic LAS to nonionic POER.
However, there is a problem that the lethal toxicity for freshwater fish is comparatively strong in POER.
Then, lethal toxicity experiment of Oryzias latipes was tried in the condition close to the actual washing for the purpose of the reduction of lethal toxicity of the POER detergent.
When POER and anionic AS were mixed in a quantitative and balanced manner, the ichthyotoxicity was able to be weakened without lowering the detergency.
POER and AS ‐ containing detergent \"Ecot\" were developed and put on the market by U ‐ Coop Co., Ltd.
As the titled ceramics, this paper describes ceramics for high frequency insulation and the evaluation.
The alumina, steatite, and forsterite were evaluated, and the result of the loss reduction research carried out in the Fine Ceramic Center was reported.
A dielectric resonator capable of measuring low dielectric loss in the microwave band and electrical evaluation of high frequency insulation ceramics is introduced.
The outline of the development of low ‐ loss forsterite porcelain, etc. is described.
As evaluation methods of high frequency ceramics, insulation resistance, withstand voltage, dielectric constant and dielectric loss, and dielectric characteristics of microwave band are described.
This paper explains the features and prospect of the titled magnet attracting attention as a post Nd magnets. magnets are as follows: 1)
The adsorption reaction of N atoms into Sm2Fe17 is outlined, and the characteristics are shown to change by the method of nitriding.
This paper shows the development situation of Sm2Fe17N3 magnets in each research institute.
This paper introduces the application of this magnet utilizing high magnetic properties and high heat resistance.
The hole size and rotation speed of glass fiber reinforced polypropylene board injection molded with circular hole notch were investigated. (1) The effect of hole size and rotation speed of molding machine screw on the fiber and hole strength was investigated.
The energy release rate was measured by AE measurement tensile loading was applied to the plate specimens whose rotation speed was changed from 100 to 300 rpm and the radius of the hole was changed from 0 to 2.5 mm.
As the rotational speed increases, the fiber breaks and the energy release rate decreases.
As the hole diameter is small, the breaking load decreases and the energy release rate increases.
The effect of short ‐ chain fatty acids on the intestinal functions is explained.
When short ‐ chain fatty acid was injected into patients operated on for large intestine and rectal disorders, the blood flow increased and the proliferation of cells was also confirmed. blood stream quantity hyperplasia was observed in the patient who had been operated on for rectal diseases
These results suggest that the administration of short ‐ chain fatty acids intrarectal infusion to rectal functions is important not only for blood acceleration functions of mucosa but also for mucous cell nutrition. intrarectal administration of short ‐ chain fatty acids to patients with reduced rectal functions is important for the promotion of blood circulation.
Polyloft fiber (polyester fibers) has faster alkaline polyester fibers weight loss speed than conventional polyester fibers, and alkaline processed for weight reduction in a short time.
On the assumption of polyloft and rayon blend knit fabrics, sodium hydroxide solution was used to reduce the volume of polyloft knit and rayon fabrics in the same bath.
In the alkali weight reduction processing, the weight loss rate increased in proportion to the weight loss processing temperature and time.
When weight reduction promoters were added, the weight loss rate of polyloft increased a little, but the weight loss rate of rayon became almost zero.
It is necessary to establish the weight reduction processing conditions in order to carry out the weight reduction processing so that the strength of the rayon may be kept to some extent. establishment of the weight reduction processing conditions is necessary.
The development of fibers with skin care function for sensitive skin to stimulation is advancing.
This paper introduces antibacterial and deodorization nautral fibers \"Chitopoly atopic dermatitis.\"
Chitosan contained in this is a polysaccharide obtained from Crustacean and insects, and it is similar to cellulose.
Chitopoly antibacterial and deodorization functions, biodegradability, and effects on allergic symptoms are described.
Ceramic is antimicrobial by adding inorganic antimicrobial agent which is stable even at high temperature to glassy layer (glaze) which coating the ceramic base.
Escherichia coli, Staphylococcus aureus, antimicrobial property, durability and safety of the antimicrobial ceramic for MRSA are described.
And, the effect of the antimicrobial treatment product for generation prevention of toilet urinary stone stain and generation prevention of slime (urine scale) stain is explained.
This paper also describes problems for demonstrating antimicrobial function more effectively.
For the clothing production guidance, the correction method according to the body type of tight skirt and body shoulder was examined, and the storage to the database construction was carried out, and the content was summarized. shoulder form calibration methods were clothing guidance methods.
In order to avoid the effects of elongation, polyester satin fabric with minimum elongation in length and width direction was used as a sample.
The dart position and correction example of the west line \"Doreme\" type prototype in the skirt prototypes, the difference between the \"Bunka\" type and the \"Doreme\" type prototype in the JIS size, the correlation between the inclination of the shoulder and the anterior flexion, and the quantification of the correction of the acromial peak part were examined.
In the future, not only the case of other parts are added, but also the examination on the skeletal structure and the movable range for making the clothing design which is easy to move and comfortable to wear is added, and the database construction is expanded.
This paper explains the reason why OSAKA GAS tackled the Internet.
The intranet which utilized the mechanism of the internet as it is is is optimum for the system of the information reading center.
Merits and demerits of the Intranet are explained.
The server function was strengthened in order to strengthen the Intranet\'s mechanism.
The construction of the total sales support system using the Intranet is promoted.
In addition, it is reported that various technological development programs are advanced in order to construct the convenient application.
titanium oxide covered mica (II) and red oxide (ferric oxide) (I) pigments were used as microscopic examination samples. reddish brown pigments were used as microscopic examination samples. reddish brown pigment was used as microscopic examination samples.
On I, it was plate type, uniform thickness, 4 〜 8μm by the low magnification (300 magnifications) observation.
However, it was not possible to observe the plate from the side, and information such as the thickness could not be obtained.
The uniform thickness interference fringes corresponding to the change of the thickness were observed with the large number of fine particles adhering on the sample surface by the light field image and the dark field image observation at the medium magnification of tens of thousands times.
No lattice images were obtained by high resolutin power image observation.
The results were as follows: 1)
The reason why the full-color electrophotographic image is inferior in the image quality in comparison with the printed image was examined.
The difference between the two images is caused by the micro ‐ structure of the image thickness direction.
The cross ‐ sectional structures of the films were observed by optical microscope and transmission type electron microscope thinly sliced by microtome.
As the result, it was proven that the thickness of the image was little and that the uniformity was high for the printed image.
It is concluded that thickness direction control is effective for upgrading of the image quality of electro photography.
