Dose rate of “Fugen Power Plant” can be calculated in detail using DERS software.
VrDose software informs the DERS by a special marker of the change in the situation when calculating the dose rate, that is, the change in the object.
Features of the R5 version of this software, user manual, and design documentation are summarized.
We are developing a phase-shift magnetic sensor system consisting of two coils for sensing and output, an amplifier, and a phase shift circuit.
This circuit is a feedback circuit in which the resonant frequency is shifted due to a change in the input signal phase. It can detect changes in the magnetic properties of objects in the center of the two coils with high sensitivity and resolution.
The coil was used by reverse connecting two coils with 800 turns with an inner diameter of 6 mm.
In the experiment, the characteristics of tap water, pure water, and tap water treated by magnetization devices were analyzed as frequency changes.
We also confirmed that changes in flow velocity and flow rate can also be detected.
A high-sensitivity strain sensor using surface acoustic waves (SAW) for wireless IC tags (RFID) and sensor networks is described. The strain measurement method to observe the SAW resonant frequency shift caused by distortion is numerically argue.
Assuming that the SAW resonant frequency and frequency resolution are 1 GHz and 0.1 Hz respectively, the detectable distortion is calculated as 10-10.
A SAW sensor with a resonant frequency of 40 MHz was designed and fabricated by micromachining on a crystal substrate.
Real-time phase stamp rangefinder using 3-phase correlated image sensor (three-phase phase phase phase SENSOR: 3PC) (stamp rge finder: PSRF)
With the exception of 3PCIS and a 3-phase reference signal generator, it consists of the same components as the conventional optical stripe rangefinder.
While a single scan is performed on the sheet beam, 3PCIS stamps the phase of the reference signal at the moment the optical stripe is captured on each pixel.
Thus, by converting the detected phase to the angle of the projected sheet beam, the three-dimensional shape of the object can be obtained in real time.
Compared to the time-stamp VLSI rangefinder, PSRF is less susceptible to spatial heterogeneity of the surface reflectivity of the target object and background illumination.
In addition, the proposed PSRF is easier to structure than modulated PSRF.
The diversity of water properties was first explained about hydrogen bonds, which are forces between water molecules, and their network structure.
Next, the change of hydrogen bonded network, which is the basis of water movement, was explained.
Water molecules in the local parts that form hydrogen bonds move collectively, and water molecules in other parts are not moving.
The energy fluctuations associated with such intermittent movements were shown.
Finally, we explained how water freezes and changes in pH of water and the meaning of pH7.
The technical results of forming single crystal films of insulators, metals, and ferroelectrics on silicon substrates were introduced.
Various functional thin films can be formed on chemically stable alumina films by CVD and MBE methods.
Various sensors with multi-layer thin films were realized.
What has been done to solve the charging problem of phase plate, which was the most difficult for the development of phase difference electron microscopy.
One was the microfabrication technology of phase plate, which was solved by the processing method by FIB (Focus Ion Beam Device).
The other is the charging problem of phase plates, of which 1) the inevitable charged dirt during thin film processing is solved by sandwich carbon coating. 2) Electrosensible intrinsic dirt from organic samples, The solution was made by fabrication of a new electron microscope device.
The hafnium-related thin film oxide in the mark has been widely studied as a tip gate dielectric for field-effect transistors (FETs).
Therefore, we investigated the physical properties of high k nanolaminate materials composed of HFO2 and SiNx.
The effects of deposition and annealing processes were investigated using surface analysis methods.
Changes in chemical state, depth composition profile, and band offset were investigated using XPS.
The band gap was also investigated using ESEELS method (elastic scattering electron energy loss spectrum).
It was clarified that the Hf/ (Hf+Si) ratio does not affect the band gap, but it has an effect on the band offset for nanolamination.
The versus distribution of deformed nuclei was investigated using the HARTREE-FOCK-BOGOLIUBOV method.
Axisymmetric quadrupole-deformed atomic nuclei were targeted.
Angular dependence of density and versus density distribution was obtained using surface-type versus correlation.
102zR was analyzed for the angle of 0, π/4, π/2 from the radial axis.
It was found that the deformation has an effect on the density distribution.
Bi2Sr2Cacu2O8+Δ (Bi-2212) single crystal josephson vortex flow resistance measured by measuring slightly overadded (Tc = 860.K) and moderately overadded (Tc = 82.5K) Checked the state diagram.
From the periodic vibration of the flow resistance, the upper and lower phase boundaries of the three-dimensional regular Josephson vortex lattice phase were obtained.
Doping caused a significant change in the lower boundary of the three-dimensional regular vortex phase.
At the lower phase boundary, the formation of a Josehso vortex lattice began, and the layer was filled with Josehso vortices, reflecting anisotropy.
The upper phase boundary suggested a phase transition from the josehso vortex lattice state to a two-dimensional quasi-regular state.
The caption tape was produced by the PIT method.
In that case, Ag and Ag-0.3 weight% Mn were used as internal and external sheath materials respectively.
Mechanical properties and critical current degradation under axial fatigue load were investigated for this tape.
The results were described in detail.
A caption detector using superconducting tunnel junction (STJ) was developed.
This STJ consists of a multilayer structure of NB/ALOX/ALOX/NB, and the substrate is a LiNBo3 single crystal.
THz wave irradiation is converted into phonon by a LiNBO3 crystal, and this phonon reaches the Nb base electrode and destroys the Cooper pair.
As a result, THz waves can be detected as tunneling current signals at STJ.
SiO2 films and nanodots were deposited using the plasma-accelerated chemical vapor deposition (PECVD) method developed for low-temperature microcrystalline silicon transistors.
The former used conductive coupled plasma (CCP) sources, and in the latter case, inductively coupled plasma (ICP) sources.
The density and diameter distribution of the Si dots could be varied depending on the generation temperature.
The shape and crystallinity of the dots were also found to depend on temperature.
SiO2 film showed excellent performance even below 430℃, and the memory effect of SiDot MOS capacitor was confirmed.
Protein localization and dynamics of germ granule constituent proteins in germ cells were investigated.
As a result of medaka vassa and the EST analysis of medaka, two newly identified genes were fused into GFP or RFP genes and introduced into the fertilized egg of medaka.
The germline was specifically expressed and analyzed using fluorescence correlation spectroscopy and laser scanning fluorescence microscopy.
As a result, it was confirmed that fusion gene products exhibit specific expression of germline and form patch-like cytoplasmic structures that are considered to be germ granules in the vicinity of the nucleus.
The stability of Al/Si (pFTS/AL/Si) surface reacted with perfluorodecyl trichlorosilane (PFTS) was investigated using XPS and contact angle measurement (CAM).
According to XPS, PFTS/AL/Si, PFTS/AL/Si exposed to the outside world for 140 hours and nitrate treated pfts/AL/Si on pfts/AL/Si exposed to the outside world for 140 hours The coating is present.
The CAM performed on these three surfaces indicates that the static water contact angle is >115°, the wet hysteresis is almost constant, and shows high hydrophobicity and good resistance.
In other words, it shows the stability of pFTS/AL/Si to nitric acid (pH <1.8, 60℃, 30 min).
The AFM data show that there is no significant difference in surface roughness of pFTS/AL/Si before and after warm nitric acid treatment, and that the pFTS/AL/SiI film is stable.
Liquid crystals have the potential to be applied to various functional materials as possible.
Construction of structure of tissue by molecular design and new functionalization are being attempted.
Design and nano-phase separation structure of liquid crystal, material transport and separation by liquid crystal, and electrical function of liquid crystal
The shape of molecules and intermolecular interactions are greatly influenced by the self-organizing structure.
After discussing the characteristics of particle transport under atmospheric pressure and breakdown, representative atmospheric pressure non-thermal equilibrium plasma sources were discussed and their properties and characteristics were outlined.
Corona discharges are discharges generated under unequal electric fields such as needle-to-flat electrodes and wire-to-plate electrodes.
Dielectric barrier discharges occur when an alternating current or pulse voltage is applied between electrodes. Dielectric barrier discharge occurs when a dielectric is placed on at least one electrode, such as a parallel plate electrode or a circular cylindrical electrode.
Filament-like micro-discharge is the most common form of dielectric barrier discharge, where thin discharge columns (filaments) appear on the entire electrode.
Atmospheric pressure glow discharge is a uniform discharge obtained by introducing atmospheric pressure helium into a typical dielectric barrier discharge reactor and applying an alternating voltage.
Polarization plays an increasingly important role in industrial fields, from liquid crystal displays to optical recording, and from biological engineering to remote sensing.
Moreover, products using polarizing elements and polarizing elements themselves are increasingly complex and used.
The system for measuring the complete Mueller matrix of samples has the advantage of measuring all of the polarization properties of a sample and will be useful for the use of most types of polarized samples today or in the future.
Here, the basics of polarization measurement are briefly explained and the Mueller matrix for describing the polarization characteristics of a sample is explained.
The AxOSCAN system that measures the complete MuelLer matrix of samples is also described. Examples of measurements that can be performed in this method are shown.
Automatic control of flow rate is described and sequence control is explained.
The principle of the flow sensor is to detect the position of the float in the tapered tube of a floating flow meter using a differential transformer, and the flow is controlled by the voltage control.
This flow sensor model, basic configuration, and standard are illustrated and introduced.
Criteria and precautions for model selection, examples of standard measurement systems are described, and constant flow control is introduced as an application example
Attempted to establish a marking attenuation standard.
The light source was a multi-mode GI type with an effective core diameter of 26μm and an effective aperture of 0.11.
The measurement temperature was 22°C, and the attenuation measurement range was 10-50dB.
International comparative results by Japan (ETL), Italy (CSELT), Netherlands (VSL), Germany (PTB), France (LCIE) were discussed
Radio relay stations are installed at high altitude mountaintops, so power outages caused by lightning and equipment damage are problematic.
We observed 24 lightning strikes on radio towers and distribution lines during the winter season of Heisei 2. We examined thunder current waveform, duration of lightning current, estimation of lightning intrusion path, and thunderstrike modality.
The polarity of lightning accounts for 75% positive and bipolar, while bipolar lightning strikes are negative polarity followed by positive polarity currents.
Lightning ratio to radio towers and distribution lines is equal
The United States seeks to promote its international competitive advantage through close cooperation with governments, industries, and universities, with the highest proposition.
In early 1987, experiments on the high-temperature superconductivity of yttrium and copper oxides were reported, and a global research competition began, and a national promotion policy was taken to keep abreast of Japan.
President Reagan's speech advocated grants for the development system of industry, government and academia. Specific legislative and administrative measures were taken, and five strengthening bills were proposed.
The budget of the Department of Defense ($11.5 million), the Federal Department of Energy ($10 million), the National Science Foundation ($6.6 million), Aerospace Administration ($7.5 million), and the Ministry of Commerce ($15,000) Mad [1988.1]
We reviewed the supply and demand trends in the world and domestically, and classified and positioned the representative grades of each company.
As a recent trend in molding processing technology, molding methods including mold design to make use of characteristics and molding methods to improve weld strength were described.
Regarding the application, trends and prospects for injection molding and extrusion products and polymer alloys were described.
Introduced a recent recycle topic
A pancake coil with an inner diameter of 40 mm was made using silver-coated bismuth 61-core high-temperature superconductors 600m and 1200 m.
Both were cooled by GM chillers.
The 1.0T coil succeeded in 100 hours of continuous operation.
The latter coil gave 2.2 T in liquid helium.
I'm giving 0.56T even in 64K
Next to the mass production of holograms will be full-colorization.
A holographic hologram is a polymer-based volume hologram that uses DMP-128 photopolymer as a photosensitive material that paves the way for mass production of holograms at an inexpensive cost.
This hologram has the characteristics of reproducing bright and clear images under white scattered light, and has a high added value in the future from chemical processing process technology.
Characteristics and recording process of photopolymers
The time of flight method using pulsed laser was used as photoconduction measurement.
An anthracene crystal was scissors with a transparent electrode, and light was incident from one side, and the electric current caused by the charge carrier generated near the surface moved by an external electric field was observed.
A light-current signal proportional to the second order of light intensity is generated by 420 nm of light.
It was judged by photoionization by detailed analysis of excitation light intensity dependence
Commercially available systems were adopted as database management systems, analysis tools, and output tools to enhance the portability and maintainability of the system.
We believe that materials development and improvement of data systems can be carried out in parallel. Distribution of fresh data, improvement of data quality, derivation of in-place models, materials design tools that reflect data at each point in time We developed a system focusing on creation.
In order to support ideas in material development, the user's side operation is important. Therefore, we developed an interface for the operation of materials at the atomic level [1994.8]
The geometrical optical theory of stationary waves based on ray matching was developed.
This kind of rays can be called wavefront normal rays.
In order to explain the basic concept, the problem of reflection and refraction of cylindrical waves at the plane boundary was discussed.
The satisfactory inequality of the angle of incidence and reflection of the wave was derived by the principle of wavefront normal ray.
Also, the new form of expression of SNEL's law on refraction
It is the most important concept for building a chemical world image, and describes its historical history.
In the 17th century, the law of conservation of mass explaining combustion, the law of constant proportion (1799), the atomic hypothesis (1803), the law of multiplicity, and the law of gas reaction (1808).
AvoGadro's hypothesis (1811) contributed to further development.
In addition, the law of Faraday (1834) recognized ions and paved the way to research isotopes.
Also mention the issue of atomic weight unit notation
In the material manufacturing process, it is necessary to precisely control thermal phenomena such as melting, solidification, and quenching of materials.
The heat transfer mechanism in the transcritical process of the fluid was elucidated.
Macroscopic heat transfer properties of fluids near critical points were clarified by experimental and numerical analysis.
In order to elucidate ultra-rapid transient phenomena microscopically, the formation of molecular clusters associated with temperature and pressure changes was also investigated by large-scale numerical analysis using molecular dynamics methods [1994.3]
Developed a caption for coating particles by plasma CVD.
Methane conversion was used to study the characteristics of this form of reactor.
The introduction of reactive gas from the side of the DC plasma jet did not change the plasma stability, and the gas was activated efficiently even if there were particles.
The presence of excess hydrogen promotes carbon formation and showed the possibility of plasma CVD on flowing particles [1994.3]
Development of technology for penetrating liquid fuel into extremely low density plastic forms for forming cryotargets consisting of uniform fuel layers in hollow spheres for laser fusion.
Foam hollow spheres were produced by density-matched emulsion method.
Outwardly formed a low-density ablator layer.
The machining accuracy was obtained by SEM and interference measurement, and the mechanical strength was obtained by tensile stress measurement.
Achieved more than 98% sphericity and film thickness uniformity and smoothness of 0.2 μm or less
The conduction properties of the previously reported thin film in as-gren state were described, and the difference between the currently obtained as-grown thin film with superconductivity was examined.
For characterization of thin films, temperature resistance characteristics were identified by DC 4-terminal method and crystal structure by X-ray diffraction.
In two different production conditions, AS-GROWNBISRCaCUO thin film was produced.
Both were C-axis oriented films whose C-axis length corresponds to the bi2212 phase.
However, there were some exhibiting semiconductor temperature resistance characteristics depending on the fabrication conditions, and others exhibited superconducting properties
Formulation and numerical analysis were performed to evaluate turbulence characteristics without using semi-empirical parameters for wall turbulence with high Reynonolds number.
This method separates the two-point correlations contained in the turbulent variation equation into variables corresponding to each point.
The resulting governing equation is also useful for shear turbulence such as wall turbulence.
I showed an example of the solution
In order to clarify the splitting mechanism of spray, high-pressure steady atomization of water injected continuously from a single hole hole nozzle was analyzed.
The number of particles captured per time was measured by the phase doppler (PDPA) method at each point of up to 500 mm at a distance of 100 mm from the nozzle.
Particles were measured and the individual data of particles entering the measured volume were recorded in raw data mode along with the inflow time.
When moving away from the nozzle, the splitting of liquid mass and large particle size particles progressed, and various changes were smaller at 500 mm
We developed an embedded heterostructure-strained quantum well laser as 0.98μm band excitation source for optical fiber amplifier using Al-free InGAP/InGaASP material.
Checked the stable operation of 2000 hr
The effect of particle aggregation on the marking characteristics was compared by experiment and analysis.
The magnetic fluid was filled in the closed circuit of the horizontal tube, a heater and an electromagnetic field were installed on the outside, and the velocity, temperature difference, and pressure difference detection end was inserted.
The magnetic field was added in the opposite direction perpendicular or parallel to the tube axis.
The pressure difference and flow velocity of the magnetic fluid generated by the temperature difference between the magnetic field inlet and outlet were measured.
On the other hand, the equation for increasing viscosity and pressure difference was derived from the theory that spherical particles are aggregated to form an ellipsoid group.
Effects of magnetic field direction and agglomeration number on temperature and pressure difference
The marking measurement techniques related to vibration and temperature in the heavy machinery industry were explained.
A slip ring is not required for strain measurement of a turbine blade using a wireless telemeter. Temperature is an optical pyrometer, and the clearance of the wing and casing can be non-contact with a fiber optic laser.
The wear of the tubular support of the heat exchanger is calculated from the measurements of the laser displacement meter and strain gauge force sensor.
Laser Doppler Vibrometers are used for vibration measurement with high resolution.
Infrared applied measurements using radiated heat are useful for stress analysis
The scattering of oxygen gas molecules from graphite surface was simulated by molecular dynamics method.
The experiment was performed by scattering the O2 supersonic molecular beam on the clean graphite surface in the UHV chamber.
The results of the angular distribution of scattering O2 were well consistent.
The loss of rotational energy is most affected by the initial rotational energy, but the energy transfer is also an important factor
Topics related to nonlinear waves in lattice mechanics and localization modes caused by nonlinearity of lattice were introduced.
First, the soliton solution of the KDV equation was explained, and then the breather solution of the SiNe-GorDon equation and the nonlinear sshRoedinger equation, the two-kink solution and the envelope soliton were described.
The properties of spatial localization mode solutions of lattice equations derived from one-dimensional non-harmonic potential were clarified.
It was expected that stationary localization mode exists even in multidimensional lattices
The dynamic equilibrium surface morphology was dependent on annealing conditions and the miscut direction of the substrate.
The studied annealing conditions and substrates included many of the normal conditions under which MOCVD epitaxial growth is performed.
Based on the experimental results, the annealed microscopic GaAs (001) surface in the AsH3/H2 atmosphere tended to form step bunching.
Explanation of experimental results by model
Various types of flow sensors are used to measure the flow rate of fluid flowing in the piping of a plant depending on the nature and conditions of the fluid.
Therefore, it is necessary to select the appropriate sensor depending on the characteristics and conditions of the fluid.
In this paper, we briefly explained the measurement principle, advantages and disadvantages of typical flow sensors, and introduced cases where the scope of application has been expanded using recent technologies.
Production trends and characteristics of flowmeters by type, such as differential pressure flow meters, electromagnetic flow meters, area flow meters, and capacitive flow meters
In recent years, the development of nearfield optics using evanescent light has been remarkable.
In this text, we constructed a virtual nearfield optical microscope on a computer using the waveguide mode separation integration equation method and produced its animation.
It was clarified that light distribution changes in the vicinity of the probe can be easily understood by displaying them in animation.
The created system can also be applied to the CAD of nearfield optics
Capable optical switching and optical recording images were formed, and their stability was investigated.
A thin film of the caption liquid crystal was formed by uniaxial orientation on a glass substrate, and the transmitted light transmitted through a polarizing plate was measured.
The nematic phase disappeared by the radiance beam irradiation of 366nm, resulting in zero transmitted light.
The image (I) was formed by laser pulse irradiation, which showed stability for more than one year at room temperature.
I was able to erase i at a temperature above Tg.
We discussed the mechanism of heat return reaction
We studied homogenous orientation formation of liquid crystals with tilt angles using the subject polyimide.
A helical polyimide (I) film and a linear polyimide (II) film were formed on the glass substrate, respectively, and in-plane orientation and tilt irradiation were performed by UV irradiation.
The cell was injected with an active matrix liquid crystal.
I showed a main chain break by UV, and only a small tilt angle is shown regardless of UV irradiation angle.
The orientation of the II was stable and no reverse tilt was observed.
The tilt direction was the same as the UV irradiation direction
The application of chemical processes using supercritical phase in which fluids remain unchanged regardless of temperature and pressure were explained.
There are fields such as separation and extraction of useful substances, improvement of reactivity, creation of new materials, waste treatment, and analysis.
Research on environmentally-friendly reaction processes, effective utilization of unused resources, material creation, and reactive properties are being conducted.
An example of the application of Freon to hydrolysis
The combustion characteristics of a high-temperature gas furnace type minor actinoid (MA) extinguishing furnace using Pu as fuel obtained from reprocessing were investigated.
The results showed that a high combustion rate of about 500 GWD/T can be achieved with a mA annihilation rate of about 40%.
In addition, in the MA separation model, where fuel is divided into mA and PU fuel spheres, the MA annihilation rate of about 70% was achieved.
This furnace is promising and worthy of consideration in the future
Melt-fractures or unstable flow are becoming more important in high-speed molding.
About this phenomenon, melt fracture generation area and flow curve.
Melt fracture properties in HDPE.
Flow pattern and extrusion form in reservoir.
The mechanism of spiraling and melt-fracture generation was divided into each item and considered.
He also mentioned melt-fracture prevention measures
Characteristics of hydrogen-absorbing alloy surfaces and their composition and structure control techniques for alloy thin films were explained in the case of application to electrode materials.
The absorption and release reaction of hydrogen is largely dependent on the surface properties of the alloy.
The application is to control the film structure suitable for storage of alloy powder in bulk materials, and in the case of thin films, is the same problem.
Thin film of these alloys is an effective method for synthesis of materials with higher performance hydrogen storage properties
We studied polymer dispersed liquid crystal layers containing true monosized liquid crystal domains and obtained monodisperse polymeric spheres containing individual liquid crystal nuclei.
Liquid crystal particles wrapped in such polymers are easily made between a few μm to 5 μm for 10 minutes.
A layer of liquid crystal particles wrapped in polymers of various compositions was created taking into account electro-optical properties and other factors.
Ultimately, the particle diameter was 1.25 μm, dispersed 75 wt% in polymers, and a layer with a thickness of 29 μm was created.
As a result, we obtained V10 = 11.8V and V90 = 18V as electro-optical properties
We developed a thermal flow sensor with a wide flow measurement range of 0.005-90 m/s and high durability.
Using this sensor, we developed a multi-point measurement flow meter for non-developmental turbulence.
This flow meter can detect the flow rate of 20 to 3200 m3/h or more in 0.2 m inner diameter tube under undeveloped turbulence condition.
This flow meter eliminates the need for a long straight pipe in the pipe, and downsizing the mounting of the instrumentation system is possible.
The trend of measurement technology for reflection and transmission object color was overviewed, and the cases to be noted in colorimetry were introduced.
The method of measurement of color was roughly divided into spectrophotometry methods and stimulus value direct reading methods, and introduced the principle.
The chrometer types and specifications are listed.
As a feature of colorimetry, the specimen is illuminated by diffuse illumination using an integrating sphere, and the reflected light in the direction slightly tilted from the sample normal is increasing.
The results of the three years of the Specialized Committee on the Marking Investigation were reported.
Electrical, optical, photoelectric, and structural evaluation techniques were described in detail.
Functions and devices were described in the same classification, and issues related to film fabrication technology were also described.
The top data of II-VI compound semiconductor lasers has already been developed to be comparable to II-V lasers in terms of static properties such as thresholds.
The optical output of 87 mW in continuous operation and 840mW in pulse operation has also been confirmed, and it can be expected to be applied to disc writing applications.
Improvement of lifespan is a major issue for practical application.
The current situation of these research and development was outlook.
Large edi simulations of turbulence of viscous fluid past the prismatic column and investigated the effects of film width and numerical viscosity.
The condition for the effect of turbulent viscosity is evaluated correctly by the relationship between turbulent viscosity and numerical viscosity.
In order to achieve the effect of turbulent viscosity in the turbulent basin, a method for selecting the filter width appropriately was investigated.
We examined these for the results of the les in a two-dimensional flow of 22000 reynoLDs around the prisoners
First, we explained from the transition between the energy level and the level of atoms.
The energy level and spectrum of the molecule were then taken. CO2 lasers and excimer lasers were listed.
We explained that the spectrum of light transitioning between levels is Lorentz, and that the spread of the spectrum by the doppler effect is Gaussian.
Laser cutting, patterning, polishing, and metallization of diamond film are discussed.
Laser processing is performed by local heating and ablation by high-density luminous flux.
The impact on the damage threshold and etching rate of the diamond film when changing the laser wavelength and pulse interval over a wide range were weighed.
A new method for selective Ni and Cu on a laser-activated diamond surface was described.
Application of lasers to selective diamond film deposition, grooving, annealing of defects, uniform nucleation, and adhesion improvement
N- (1-pyrenmethyl) -1-pyremethyl carboxamide (I) was synthesized by the amidation reaction of 1-pyreneacetic acid and 1-pyremethylamine.
As a reference, 1-pyremethylamine phenylcarboxamide (II), cyclohexylcarboxamide (III), and 1-pyreenacetate 1-pyremethyl (IV) were synthesized.
The fluorescence spectrum of I showed concentration dependence that represents the formation of aggregates.
We showed that the set behavior of I can be detected by spectral method.
Since the fluorescence spectrum of II-IV was not concentration-dependent or weak, I was confirmed that unlike others, it was confirmed that an aggregate may be formed by the hydrogen bond of the amide group and the accumulation of pyrene units.
In order to commercialize marked junctions, it is necessary to produce a number of junctions with designable and reproducible values for critical current value Ic and constant conduction resistance Rn.
Therefore, we have investigated the microstructure of various types of high-temperature superconducting joseHSon junctions developed to date using TEM. In this text, the relationship between its structure and characteristic reproducibility is described.
In addition, Josephson junction can be classified into grain boundary type and multilayer type, and each of them was explained.
Furthermore, in this text, the role of homoepitaxial growth technology of yBCO, which is expected as a method of producing josePHSON junctions to obtain desirable IC and RNs well reproducibility was also shown.
In the motion Stark effect (MSE) diagnostic system, the polarization angle of the σ component of the dα and Hα wire of the tangential incident nB heating beam is measured.
A new 9 channel polarimeter has been added to the conventional 5 channels, enabling measurement of the safety factor q-distribution over the entire plasma small radius (R = 3.04-4.29m).
In addition, a dielectric multilayer mirror was introduced to significantly reduce background light.
Since the change in polarization angle by multilayer mirror is large, its calibration method is also described.
Developed a new inline flowmeter with the marking.
The principle is to determine the volumetric flow rate by measuring the Kalman vortex sequence generated in the liquid in the tube using an ultrasonic oscillator and receiver outside the tube.
Features include: there is no seal part, high safety, simple, no moving part in the tube and no maintenance is required. Since the sensor is outside the tube, it can be replaced without stopping the flow of the process even in the event of a failure.
Measurable flow rate range 0.2 to 6.0m/sec, Reynolds number range 5000 or more, accuracy 1% (versus indication value).
A self-retaining single-mode fiber switch was constructed using a technique to make high-precision micropipes by metallization and etching into optical fibers.
The characteristics of this optical switch were introduced.
Application technologies for communication systems, functional optical devices, optical measurement systems, etc.
The latest technological trends of microphotomechanical switches aimed at the economics and scale of optical switches were prospects.
Spectroscopic studies of labeled particles with a size of about nanometers were explained.
First, the quantum size effect and resonance size selection excitation spectroscopy on the lowest excitation energy were outlined.
Next, exciton states of II-VI semiconductors mesoscopic particles were explained mainly in the case of CDSe microcrystals from the viewpoints of quantum size effects, exciton-carrier dynamics, and optical dissociation phenomena.
For comparison, explanations of IV and I-VII semiconductors mesoscopic particles with different characteristics were added.
Finally, recent trends and problems in this field were discussed.
The structure and basic characteristics of the connector with the mark of MT (Mechannically Trannsplane) shaped were explained.
We also touched on MPO (MULTIBER Push-On) type connectors and Mini-MPO type connectors based on this connector technology.
The data of mechanical and environmental tests were shown as characteristics.
High-speed assembly multicentral connectors were listed as a future issue.
Hydrophobic Polymer (Poly1) brush and its hydrolysate amphiphilic polymer (subject amphiphilic polymer) by surface-initiated polymerization of methacrylic acid (2,2-dimethyl-1,3-dioxolane-4-yl) methyl to silicon wafers ( Poly 2) The characterization of the brush was studied.
Preparation of poly1 brush by surface-initiated atomic transfer radical polymerization using a complex of CuBr and (−) -Spartain on silicon wafers treated with 6′-triethoxysilylhexyl-2-bromoisobutylate was.
In addition, a poly (2) brush was prepared by hydrolysis by hCl.
Molecular weight of poly (1) and (2) brushes, film thickness, surface roughness, water contact angle, and friction coefficient of stainless steel or glass ball probes in water and air were evaluated.
As a result, the friction coefficient of the poly2 brush was significantly smaller than that of a poly1 brush in water, but in the air, on the contrary, larger.
In addition to forging, falsification, and plagiarization of data and ideas, there are various forms and degrees of conduct.
Responding to fraud is delayed in Japan.
Such as ethical education for young researchers, setting code of ethics, etc., should be strengthened in their respective institutions.
In addition, an agency should be established as soon as possible to judge and award fraud, such as the Office of the United States of America.
The author described a new theory about the glass transition point from cross-linked resin to linear polymer.
The author already wrote a paper titled “New Theory on Physical Properties from Crosslinked Resins to Linear Polymers: Melting Point, Glass Transition Point (Tg) and Intensity”. It was presenting at 7,1467-1475 (2005)).
In the new theory, cross-linked resins form different segments depending on the temperature of curing and after curing, so the g also changed.
In addition, the TG of linear polymers considered the binding part of the two rows joined by the van der WAL force between the main chain as a segment, and the thermal elongation rate of the C-C bond from 0℃ was 1% temperature.
At the end of 2006, polonium attracted public attention due to the suspicious death of a former Federal Security Agency intelligence officer.
Polonium is an element discovered by Curie and Mrs. Curie in 1898, and the most natural presence is polonium 210.
Polonium as a poisonous substance is that (1) the radioactivity is 10 billion times higher than uranium 238, (2) mainly α-decay, and (3) α-rays are extremely low permeability when taken into the body.
Polonium 210 is also found in tobacco smoke, although a very small amount.
When ozone is produced by silent discharge using oxygen as a raw material, when nitrogen coexists in the raw gas, ozone production is promoted.
The effect of nitrogen discharge light was estimated and nitrogen discharge light was injected into the silent discharge space of oxygen.
The amount of ozone production increased by about 2 mg/h.
It was found from the Resajute shape of discharge current that when a large intermittent pulse irradiates the discharge light when no nitrogen discharge light is irradiated, it turns into a small group of pulses
The second harmonic generation (SHG) of low molecular organic compounds was described, an example of SHG active molecule and the current state of molecular design.
Next, as a method of realizing SHG activity in a polymeric system, a molecule with a large superpolarization coefficient (β) is dispersed in the matrix and polled.
The current state of the research was described by introducing molecules with a large beta value in the side chain and using ferroelectric polymers.
I also touched on Langmuir-Blodget method and inclusion
The electrostatic pseudo-liquid film (ESPLIM), a new pseudo-liquid film, was shown.
The equipment used for this liquid film operation consists of an extraction tank separated by a baffle plate and a reverse extraction tank. Both tanks are equipped with two coated electrodes.
AC high voltage is applied to the electrode.
This method did not require surfactants compared to emulsified liquid membranes, and it had advantages such as simple process
Particulate resin was obtained by interfacial mold polymerization using O/W type emulsion.
First, the synthesis method was explained, and then the function was described.
The adsorption amount of Cu (II) by interface mold resin with phosphoric acid group increased with the increase of pH.
Adsorption isotherms of Cu (II) adsorption by interface mold resin with carboxyl group were drawn.
The amount of Zn (II) adsorption by W/O interface mold resin with diorail phosphate ester as functional group monomer increased with the increase of pH
I conducted a research on the subject and summarized the results.
First, the molecular weight dependence of the diffusion coefficient D in 298K of monodisperse polyisoprene (PI) was investigated.
In addition, high molecular weight PI was slightly mixed in low molecular weight PI, and D of high molecular weight PI was measured.
The dielectric of PI in the PI/polybutadiene (PCB) /heptane tricomponent system in order to investigate how the tamamification effect is reflected in the fluctuation of the distance between the ends in the process of transition from dilute solution to concentrated system Checked normal mode relaxation (R).
A small amount of low molecular weight PI was mixed into PBs as a polymer blend system in bulk state and R was investigated.
A review of R research conducted in the fiscal year '86 and '87 was also attached [1994.3]
FIB-SIMS is a combination of SiMS with submicron resolution and GAFIB and multi-channel detection systems.
GAFib-Sims have high spatial resolution and a unique scanning mode (SHAVE-OFF mode).
The shave-off analysis in quantitative analysis, relative sensitivity coefficient, and oxide matrix effect were outlined.
An example of analysis of nonmetallic inclusions in inorganic microcapsules and steels with a diameter of 2 to 3 μm was shown
The latest radiant drug manufacturing facilities and facilities of Hosiken, and their manufacturing and features were described.
The facility is a cyclotron body room that accelerates charged particles (AVF930 and HM18 are in operation), RI production irradiation room, 2 hot labs for synthesizing radiant drugs, semi-hot lab room, dispensing room, automatic synthesis equipment development room, reagent Consisting of a preparation room, etc.
AVF930 has many types of isotopes that can be produced, and metal nuclides such as 123i and 77 Bar SPECT nuclides, 28Mg, 42, 43K, 52 Fe, 56 Ni, 61Cu, 62Zn, 95mTc, etc. .
HM18 has accelerated particles limited to H, D, and is mainly used to produce nuclides for PET, such as 11C, 18F
Synthesis and physical properties of new chalcogenomocarboxylic acids containing high period group 16 elements such as S, Se and Te, and their alkaline metal salts and esters were elucidated.
As a result, selenocarboxylic acid (rcSEH), terlocarboxylic acid (rcTeH), and these rubidium and cesium salts are divided into O-silyl selenoesters, respectively, Synthesized from terroester.
On the other hand, the synthesis of selenothioester (rcSesR′) and dicelenoester (rcSesEr′) etc. were also synthesized.
These compounds were isolated and their spectral and X-ray structure analysis were investigated.
A further study of various reactivity was also added [1996.3]
Molecules and reaction dynamics of medium density fluid (supercritical fluid) were investigated in picosecond region by marking method (Trannsient gratin-TG method) and transient absorption method.
The TG method in the nano-millisecond domain is applied to the study of dynamics in liquid crystal, interface, cluster, emulsion, medium density fluid, etc. I tried to develop and apply it.
The magnetic field dependence of the triplet mechanism of chemically induced dynamic electron polarization (CIDEP) was investigated by low-frequency time-resolved EPR as an example of the study of the initial photochemistry process by nanosecond time-resolved ESR method.
Furthermore, we studied the initial process of photochemistry and the dynamics of spin by CW and FT time-resolved EPR [1995.3]
Scanning probe microscopy (SPM) is the prototype of scanning tunneling microscope (STM), but SPM using various interactions between sample and probe has been researched and developed.
That is, atomic force microscope (AFM), magnetic force microscope, frictional force microscope (FFM), electrochemical STM, transverse vibration FFM, scanning nearfield AFM, etc.
Their principles and observational examples were given a large number.
Characteristic is a measurement method that can observe tens of thousands to hundreds of thousands of times higher magnification without damage from electron beam. However, it has developed from shape observation to physical property measurement and micromanipulation, and it is a microscope with a wide range of application fields Tesita
The solubility of monoma was reduced by continuous addition of water to the uniform solution of water/ethanol/monoma, and the monomer was continuously separated in small quantities throughout the system.
Ultimately, a large amount of monomers was absorbed evenly into monodisperse seed particles.
By this method, monodisperse styrene swelling particles were obtained and marked particulates were synthesized.
The prevention of the generation of bybodine particles during polymerization was also investigated.
When energy is consumed by human activity, artificial waste heat and pollutants are generated, and heat islands are generated in large cities and these stagnates.
Near the surface of the earth there is a microclimate.
Emissions are CO2, NOX, suspended particulate matter, etc.
The city center has high thermal conductivity and heat capacity of roads and low water permeability, so it is prone to high temperatures.
These urban climates are formed due to high energy consumption in narrow urban areas.
The solar constant S is an important external parameter in determining the climate of a planet.
It is said that the difference in the atmospheric composition and climate conditions of Venus, Earth, and Mars is due to differences in S.
The text used a simple three-dimensional model to examine the climate change by the value of S and its physical consideration.
The numerical model used is a large atmospheric circulation model that includes simple hydrological processes.
Omagari fault survey was conducted by electromagnetic method in relation to the horonobu deep geological research plan.
59 AMT measurements by remote reference method were performed.
The underground resistive structure from the surface of the earth to an altitude of 1000 km was obtained and compared with the existing geological structure.
As a result, the plane distribution of the specific resistance tended to extend in the NNW-SSE direction, and it corresponded well with the geological distribution.
In addition, we also showed that the electrospecting results can be estimated from the resistive distribution of large curvature faults.
Construction of hydrogeological model and groundwater flow analysis procedures for the horonobu deep geological research plan until fiscal 2016 were summarized.
Based on the hydraulic characteristics extracted from the existing information, the sensitivity of groundwater flow was analyzed for 50 km square, including Horonobe-cho.
As a result, high and low sensitivity of nutrient content and permeability coefficient were required for total hydrocephalic distribution and groundwater migration pathway.
The dominant fluid system in shallow and deep areas was found around the area where the laboratory was installed.
In the survey using boring holes, the results of hydraulic tests and indoor water permeability tests were examined.
As a result, it was found that the permeability of all strata is depth-dependent, and that the tendency was particularly prominent in Wakkanai layer, and that they correlate with the presence or absence of a fissure zone.
Lakes are part of the groundwater flow system.
The method for determining the type of lake from the three hydrogeological factors (region superiority, system efficiency, and lake location) shown by BORN and colleagues is considered to be effective in evaluating the groundwater recharge function of a reservoir.
In this study, the method of lake research by Born and others was applied mutandis to a group of reservoirs of valley type in Hiroshima Prefecture, and the groundwater recharge function was investigated.
In the research, the groundwater flow rate and radon concentration measurement of reservoirs are measured, water quality, and radon concentration measurements were made, and the flow balance and radon balance formulas with the groundwater inlet and groundwater outflow are unknown. The amount of inflow and groundwater outflow from the reservoir were determined.
Discuss the relationship between the curvature perturbation spectrum generated on the brain after volumetric inflation and the resulting mass spectrum of the primitive black hole in the randal-sundrum2 universe was.
The blue spectral index of curvature perturbation was also discussed using observation data from outer galaxy diffusion photon background.
The mass spectrum of the primitive black hole was given, indicating that it coincides with the standard spectrum of four dimensions on a large scale.
In addition, restrictions on blue spectrum and reheating temperature were given, which showed that it is even stronger than the standard results in four dimensions.
In the spring of 1992, a preliminary survey was conducted on the Agathy ice cap on Elsmare Island in the Arctic Archipelago, Canada, to determine the drilling point of the ice core and the process of ingestion of impurities on the ice cap surface.
The survey dug a pit of about 1.5 m deep in two locations near the top of the ice cap, one in a slightly downstream area, a total of three places, and continuously sampled snow cover from its side.
The analysis revealed that the annual balance of Agathy ice cap was about 40 cm in snow cover, and that a clear seasonal change was observed in the ion main component.
Therefore, we thought that it is possible to elucidate the history of climate and environmental change in the past by analyzing and analyzing the core samples taken by the ice cap [1993.3]
The research and development of geothermal water in Japan began in the 1950s.
In the future, the geothermal water market is a major market for the water industry or groundwater pump industry in Japan.
However, attention should be taken because some hot spring wells contain flammable gases such as methane and can cause accidents.
Also, when it comes to a well, the geologically analysis of the strata must be analyzed to avoid digging useless or harmful wells
We conducted research on eye treatment and surgical simulation using finite element method.
A continuous cross-sectional image of the eyeball was obtained using a three-dimensional internal structure microscope.
From that data, eye tissue was segmented and meshed by quantifying the individual data.
The mapped mesh method was used for meshing by comparing the mapped mesh method and the voxel mesh method.
As a result, a meshing method suitable for finite element analysis was established, and the eyeball mesh was created by dividing each tissue of the eyeball on the mesh.
When water shortage of plant cells occurs due to inhibition of water absorption or drying due to salt stress, many plants synthesize compounds called compatible solutes in order to restore the balance of osmotic pressure inside and outside the cells that have been destroyed by the result. Accumulate in cells.
Suitable solutes include glycine betaine (betaine), amphoteric ions such as proline, polyols such as pinitol, sorbitol, and mannitol.
The purpose of this research was to improve the salt resistance of plants by introducing betaine synthesis genes to plants that do not have betaine synthesis genes using genetic engineering methods.
1) betaine synthesis gene in spinach, 2) betaine synthesis gene in mangrove, 3) betaine synthesis gene in alamansas, 4) low temperature and high temperature resistance of rice transformed by barley BADH gene, 5 ) We outlined the mangrove's betain transporter.
The mechanism of iron accumulation in the liver was described in contrast to the iron excess syndrome, and the recent findings of iron removal therapy were outlined.
Iron uptake in hepatic parenchymal cells is regulated by the expression control of tfR, DMT-1, ferritin, and Fp-1 by iron-controlled protein (IRP) system, and negative control of tFR function by HFE.
In addition, iron absorption from the duodenum is regulated by duodenal transporters (DMT-1 and ferropotin-1).
It has been revealed that hyperiron is due to abnormalities in these genes.
Recently, it was found that hepcytidine and hemodverine control iron absorption from the duodenum.
Some azoospermia men have disappeared regions of the Y chromosome, including the super-Y-chromosome heat shock transcription factor (HSFY).
The expression of mouse HSFV-like sequence (mHsFYL), which is a mouse orthologic, was analyzed by in-situ hybridization, and it was found that the expression is mainly expressed around sperm cells in the testes.
Biological species with HSFIY/mhsFIL similar genes were searched in the database and found in mammals such as cattle, dogs, and chickens in addition to humans and mice.
The effects of 2,3,7.8-tetrachlorodibenzo-p-dioxin (TCDD) on the small intestine were examined from the aspect of morphology and function.
The nucle/cell ratio in epithelial cells of the small intestine villi tended to increase by TCDD treatment.
As a result of investigating the effect on glucose absorption, TCDD exposure C57BL/6J mice increased glucose absorption in the small intestine.
They suggested the possibility of an increase in sugar transporter SGLUT1 and Glucose transporter 2 mRNA, an increase in SGLUT1 protein, an increase in lactase and maltase activity.
It was suggested that the promotion of glucose absorption is a mechanism to compensate for the decrease in the efficiency of glucose utilization by dioxin.
Bioactivity has dynamic vital activity that can not be predicted by gene sequence or protein function analysis.
Spatial pattern formation such as chromosome structure was taken as a representative example.
The chromosome band number was used as the chromosome position information, and the chromosome to which the number is assigned was collected to determine whether there was a functional position.
As a result, the position of the genome in one dimension and chromosome did not necessarily match.
The response status of compensation was compared for the nutritional stage of Konara young trees that received two species of high and low insect damage.
In this experiment, we performed a task to identify compensation values for all leaves of young trees in advance.
Subsequently, the branches were grown by placing them in a district where soil fertility changed.
Sprout growth and branch elongation were due to Konara's unique factors, and the response to food harm was governed by individual levels.
The growth of secondary and tertiary branches that suffered food damage was significantly worse with poor soil fertility.
The formation of cell affinity patterns on Au surfaces for biosensor arrays using PEG with methoxy and thiol terminals were reported.
The AU surface was treated with a buffer solution of MEO-PEG-SH of molecular weight 2K and 5K to form a cell repulsive surface.
The cell affinity microarray was then formed by plasma etching.
A microarray of cell affinity with a diameter of 10 μm and an interval of 100 μm was formed.
We investigated the center of gravity upset characteristics of the system that maintains body equilibrium when drinking alcohol and the central nervous system, and clarified one of the mechanisms leading to the inability to upright due to deterioration of body function associated with aging.
The center of gravity oscillation characteristics in the plantar surface was investigated using a center of gravity agitometer.
When falling due to drinking, there was a sudden increase in the upset of displacement in the forward and backward direction, left and right (or both directions).
In this case, the moving distance of the center of gravity increased sharply in the forward and backward direction (or both directions), leading to a fall.
The p-p value of the center of gravity oscillation velocity amplitude in the forward/backward direction, left and right direction (or both directions) immediately before the fall increased sharply.
In general, subjects with small normal speed change had a long time to lead to a fall.
Whether fetal development determines growth patterns and body composition after birth, we analyzed for school checkups in Tenryu City.
Gender differences were observed in blood leptin levels in children with low birth weight.
It was also suggested that birth weight (intrauterine development) determines postnatal growth patterns.
The results showed that the intrauterine environment is an important factor in determining postnatal growth patterns and body composition.
The increase in metabolic syndrome, including obesity, has become a social problem.
NetEA and colleagues reported that IL-18 works suppressive against obesity and insulin resistance.
The authors compared the IL-18 knockout mice with wild mice.
As a result, IL-18 knockout mice increased weight, body fat percentage, and feeding over 6-24 months.
In other words, it was shown that the lack of IL-18 leads to obesity.
Among the genes expressing many primordial germ cells (PGCs), the seventh largest relative expression was named PGC7.
This was the same as the gene stela, which was later released by Cambridge University.
Subsequent studies found that pGC7/stElLa is not in the process of maturation of the egg, but the transition to the nucleus at an early stage after fertilization.
Furthermore, it was found that pGC7/stELLa inhibits demethylation.
We tried to develop a sensor that uses changes in light propagation characteristics due to morphological change of fiber as a method for measuring grip force to know the degree of recovery of the patient's function.
The measurement sensitivity was 6.88 mV/kg, and it was found that it can measure less than 500 g which cannot be measured by the currently used smedray formula.
The measurement accuracy of the hand joint angle is 5 degrees.
Measurement range and measurement sensitivity are changed by changing the shape of the external force applied part
Characteristics of taurine intake of human glioma cells were investigated using T98 cells.
The intake of taurine in T98 cells was Na+dependent and had a high affinity system, reduced by holbol-12, 13-dibutyrate (I,100nm) and isoproterenol (1 μm) administration.
Also, although it is not affected by H-7 (100 nm) administration, the reduction effect of taurine intake EC50 increased from 41 to 83nm at 30 minutes prior to i.
We examined the involvement of protein kinase C and cAMP in taurine intake
Progress of development of automatic chromosome specimen creation system in the marking system was reported.
The prototype was actually used for a long period of time to evaluate its performance and operability.
We also studied the establishment of a cell fixation method suitable for the device.
The mechanical control of temperature and humidity during specimen preparation almost reached the target.
For practical application, we pointed out 10 improvements in performance, operability, appearance, noise, etc.
Galactose α1→3 galactose (GG) is specifically stained by GSI-B4 lectin (GS).
Therefore, the cDNA of alpha-1,3-galactosyltransferase involved in gG biosynthesis was recombined and introduced into a mouse fertilized egg to create a transgenic mouse.
Then, when we investigated using GS, we observed a novel GG distribution around the extrasopalysis, small intestinal forest cells, and spermatocytes, and augmentation of GG in the tubules and alveolar epithelium.
This mouse had a lot of proteinuria and had a lot of hair loss, low weight and sudden death [1995.2]
We proceeded with the synthesis of an antitype inhibitor (I) of chitinase (K) and considered synthesizing alosamidin (A), which is I of insect K as a starting substance, and succeeded in the total synthesis of chitinase (K).
Furthermore, we achieved stereoselective total synthesis of demethylalosamidine of yeast K I by utilizing the intermediate of the above synthesis.
Furthermore, for A and its analogues, the inhibitory force of K of silkworm, Sachaomyces Cerevisiae and trichodErma genus were compared.
As a result, useful insights on structure-activity correlation were obtained [1995.2]
Activation of congenital immunity induced by IL-12 and the cells involved in it were described.
IL-12 is a differentiating factor that shows activity common to T cells with different phylogenetic positions.
In cancer immunity, from non-binding recognition of MHC, it was thought to be expected to promote the rotation of sequences associated with antigen-specific recognition by cancer peptides.
The biological reaction of IL-12's resistance to cancer (congenital immunity) was also considered
It has been demonstrated that the ion flight range of the target can be controlled by the distance from the beam window to the target using a cell irradiation device linked to the beam line of the 3MV tandem accelerator.
The effect of permeability control irradiation on tobacco pollen as a model cell system for local irradiation was investigated.
“Leaky pollen”, which seems to be caused by cell membrane damage, was frequently observed at the end of the ion flight.
Compared to steady state flow, the signal strength of the fluid part (especially near the inlet part) was lower due to the effect of signal reduction due to phase dispersion.
Signaling decline due to pulse flow was noted in stenosis and flexion of blood vessels.
Recognized ghost artifacts due to pulsation, the interval was proportional to the repetition time and beats
The target virus (C) has different geographical distribution and clinical epidemiological characteristics depending on the genotype.
Interferon sensitivity seems to be prescribed by multiple factors.
The severity of hepatitis can vary depending on the genotype.
No significant correlation with primary liver cancer is observed.
In addition to the genotype, there are many C mutations. It is possible to identify the C strain of each patient and investigate the infection pathway based on it
Nonlinear phenomena such as fractal chaos have the potential for quantification of numerical analysis.
A fractal analysis of the event-related potential was performed and the results were used to investigate the variable state of the intelligence activity.
The peak equivalent to N100 or P300 is not clearly indicated.
This is because fractal analysis is more suitable for detecting trigger change than peaks
The problem is that the balance of autonomic nerve function is impaired by exposure to microgravity.
The head down tilt (HDT), which lowered the head 6 degrees from the horizontal level in bed as a simulation of microgravity, was measured continuously by fixing the probe to the palm of the left hand mother finger.
The amount of sweating caused by the hand grip (maximum grip force for 5 seconds) at HDT was significantly reduced compared to when there is no back pressure in the sitting position, but no difference was observed in the remark load.
In normal cells, telomeres are shortened each time they divide, and after a certain extreme value, the cells become aged.
On the other hand, in cancer cells and immortalized cells, telomerase activity is supplemented because they have telomerase activity, and maintain a certain length and acquire infinite proliferation capacity without further shortening.
Therefore, the gene that controls telomerase activity is considered a candidate for cell aging inducing genes.
suggesting the possibility of an unknown telomerase regulation gene on chromosome 3 3p14 → p21
Active electrodes with transmitting function were prototyped to derive surface mypotential without the use of skin pretreatment or conductive paste.
Since this cordless electrode does not have a lead wire connecting the electrode and the transmitter like a conventional telemetry system, the burden of the experimenter was reduced.
Also, it is not affected by noise caused by the oscillation of the lead wire.
It can also be applied to electrocardiography and EEG measurement, and it can be expected to simplify measurement
Telomerase activity is high in germ cells and cancer cells.
The telomerase activity of normal and carcinized blood cells was analyzed using an elongation PCR assay developed by the authors.
Activity was high in young individuals, especially in neonatal cells, and negligible in those older than 30 years.
It was very high in leukemia cells.
Based on the materials of MARCEL T and GRAUSZ D, the current state of gene therapy was introduced.
Since the first application of gene therapy to humans in 1990, the number of target patients has increased dramatically every year.
Indications that were initially limited to severe incurable diseases have gradually expanded to chronic diseases as safety was confirmed.
The research of gene therapy is currently being developed in three directions: development of gene transfer method, research on its strategy, and model development.
A case of titled drug (L) was reported for 41-year-old women suffering from systemic lupus erythematosus and had steroid therapy.
I was aware of cold sensation and pain in the lower right leg, followed by a crush with necrotic tissue in the right anterior bone and gradually exacerbated.
When L was administered 10 μg/day for 4 weeks in conjunction with the wound treatment such as cleaning of the crush part, the pain was reduced and the crushing of the lower leg was reduced.
No side effects were observed during treatment.
CGRP is secreted from the area of sensory nerve distribution to the myocardium.
The 48-hour administration of CGRP increases the surface area of newborn rat cardiomyocytes approximately twice.
In addition, cGRP upregulates mRNA expression for skeletal muscle alpha-actin and atrial natriuretic peptides.
In order to obtain data that enables prosthetic feet to adapt to walking modes other than plains, the walking state of the plains and slopes was measured.
The bending moment obtained by a semiconductor distortion meter attached to the lower leg pipe and subjective evaluation were collected.
The same measurements were made for slopes of 5 and 7 degrees, when the bottom backward angle is not aligned with the angle of the slope.
In slope walking, it was easiest to walk when the boredom and backrest were changed according to the angle of the slope.
Using image information and knowledge of the form and motion of the measurement object, we developed a method that can measure motion without attaching a mark, etc.
The horse's walk was taken from the side, and the dimensions and position of the geometric model were determined by hand from one image in it.
The luminance distribution of the geometric model area was obtained and a template was created.
In the following image, the geometric model was superimposed on the image for each body node, and the joint position and joint angle of the horse at that time.
The speeding of processing, robustness evaluation, and accuracy were described.
Simultaneously measured the amount of mental sweating and heart rate when the program was created as a mental stimulus, and the correlation between the two was examined.
There was a considerable correlation between the normalized dispersion of mental perspiration and the dispersion of heart rate during the development of the two programs.
In addition, there was a high correlation between the normalized dispersion of mental perspiration and the dispersion of heart rate during program creation.
Further experiments were considered necessary.
The complex interaction between the pig's immune system and PCV2 was outlined.
Evidence was introduced that PCV2 is a major pig pathogen under appropriate environment and management conditions.
Extensive stimulation of the immune system is one essential condition to induce post-weaning pigs multiple organ hypothenic syndrome (PMWS) in PCV2-infected pigs.
In addition, PCV2 itself is an essential pathogen for its presence in lethal PMWS.
In PMWS affected pigs, an effective immune response to pathogens other than PCV2 is insufficient.
Based on clinical, pathological, and immunological observations observed in the field with respect to immunosuppressive conditions in PMWS, is PCV2 a key factor of secondary immunodeficiency, perhaps in a certain environment dont.
A collection survey was conducted on the reef coast in the northern area of Ibaraki Prefecture.
Large species were collected directly, but small species were collected through a sieve through a mesh or bottom soil.
For the first time in small crustaceans, shellfish shellfish, japon crackala and tugaruwararekala were confirmed for the first time in Ibaraki Prefecture.
Large-sized crustaceans were obtained: 2 types of pedunted eyes, 3 species of 3, 10 species of 10 decapods and 5 families.
The number of types obtained was small because the survey was limited to the intertidal zone.
Including the results of the previous survey, the species being collected, the gathering place, and the collection date were organized.
In order to examine the evaluation method for the activation of rural areas, we conducted a field survey of 5 regions that are likely to be highly active.
The regional revitalization process was organized as a flow of “entry” → “activities” → “results” → “results” and “results”, and examined whether various activities for regional development and revitalization are collaborating and cooperating.
In addition, we created a check sheet for sustainable regional revitalization from the deposition of the system that generated regional revitalization, regional activation process analysis and system analysis.
In the analysis using statistics by settlements, the items indicating the activation status were aggregated and found that they are related to factors that represent the activity of the settlement.
In the analysis of the questionnaire, it was revealed that there was a discrepancy between activation and delivery evaluation calculated directly from statistical indicators.
The covariance structure analysis revealed that the direct effect of social capital (production activation effect) is high in areas other than cities and suburbs.
Movements of swordfish in the North Atlantic over the last year, utilization and application, outline of fisheries, biological properties, resource status, and management measures were outlined.
In the SCRS of ICCAT in 2002, resource assessment was carried out by VPA and non-equilibrium production model using the resource volume index estimated from the longline fishery data of each country.
Both analysis results show good accession after 1997 and resource recovery due to reduction of catch. If you refrain from excessive catch, good subscription is expected in the future.
ICCAT has created a recovery plan that returns the resource level to MSY (Maximum Sustained Production) level with a probability of more than 50% over 10 years from 2000 to 2009.
As a resource management measure, TAC was 13900T in 2003, 14000 t in 2004 and 2005. The main target fishery is zero, and the landing amount of small individuals (lower jaw fork length 125cm, weight less than 25kg) It was recommended that the fishery be kept below 15%.
Background of sea turtles and fisheries, biological properties of sea turtles, current status and management of resources were outlined.
All species of sea turtles are listed in Annex I of the Washington Convention, regardless of the size and trend of the population of the species.
Accidental capture by pelagic fisheries is often seen as a problem, and various regulations and enlightenment have been carried out, but in reality, the impact of environmental deterioration in spawning grounds other than coastal fisheries and egg food damage and theft are also considered to be significant.
Inappropriate management may have led to a decrease in the number of individuals, and it is necessary to promote sea turtle protection through cooperation with experts.
Three-dimensional exploration is costly for measurement and analysis, and it has not yet been put into practical use.
Considering the labor-saving 3D electrical prospecting method to analyze a small number of two-dimensional exploration station data placed in the exploration range, the analysis error caused by the three-dimensional heterogeneity of the ground was reduced.
With this method, underground structures can be grasped with high efficiency and high accuracy at a lower cost than conventional 3D exploration.
In the field, this method can be used by the conventional method, and even if there is no need for a device dedicated to three dimensions.
The conditions under which water cycle conservation agriculture is established were examined from the viewpoint of business management and economics.
Focusing on the groundwater recharge function by waterlogging paddy fields in rural areas along the river basin, the effect of conservation of water sources in the downstream area was evaluated.
A hearing survey was conducted for agricultural managers, and the theoretical study of formation conditions from the analytical agricultural management perspective and environmental economics viewpoint and the application to the actual situation were examined.
To preserve the quality of rose cut flowers, a new drug formulation (GLCA) was developed using isothiazoline antimicrobial agent.
In addition, Isothiazoline antimicrobial agent used a mixture of 5-chloro-2-methyl-4-isothiazoline-3-on and 2-methyl-4-isothiazoline-3-on mixtures CMI/MI.
As a result, the mixing ratio of GLCa was optimal: glucose 10 g/L, isothiazoline antibacterial agent 0.5 ml/L, citric acid 30 mg/L and aluminum sulfate 50 mg/l.
This formula keeps moisture conduction at the level immediately after harvesting, and the quality retention period was extended than conventional formulations.
Three tests were performed on proteome analysis and metabolome analysis to investigate the stability of transgenes in genetically modified crops.
First, the qualitative quantitative variation of RNA expression, which is an obstacle to the transcriptome analysis, which is the first stage of these analyses, was investigated by microarray analysis using germination soybean.
As a result, there were differences in RNA expression by individual differences and extraction methods in domestic varieties.
Therefore, by using a multi-specimen crusher for RNA extraction, it was possible to process multiple specimens for inexpensive and convenient.
Yogura Ohashi Bridge with a length of 145 m and an effective width of 5 m was completed in Hiroshima Prefectural Central Forest Park.
The construction method is complex because a variety of parts, including bonding fittings, can be combined from a simple girder bridge.
Creosote oil is pressed in as an anti-corrosion measure, and all joints of truss members are bolted joints
(Company) The National Agricultural Structure Improvement Association surveyed, diagnosed Higashimura, 1) commercialization and sales measures of persimmon processed products as a persimmon village making business, and 2) the development direction of multi-purpose agricultural processing facilities and gave advice.
We analyzed the current state of agriculture and forestry in Higashimura to grasp the problems and issues.
Listed the conditions to be equipped as a product.
For the development of the sales system, Nogyo and Kakako Production Association were proposed as direct sales methods, Yupac and so on.
As a facility for making persimmon village, we examined the yield prediction and the amount of processing possible. As necessary facilities, we demonstrated the scale of collection and selection sites, drying and kun steaming rooms, warehouses, agricultural processing facilities, etc.
We proposed a complex industry such as cultural facilities, local cuisine, and sales of specialty products as a traction measure for transit tourists [1994.2]
This is the result of a survey conducted by the National Association for Agricultural Structure Improvement in Daisen-cho based on the issues set by the Homeland Agency.
The results of the third stage Yamamura promotion project in Daisen-cho were almost as planned except for field maintenance.
Regarding the maintenance of living environment, the improvement situation and direction of improvement of facilities such as houses, roads, and traffic were described.
We clarified the current state of production and sales of agriculture and forestry, and then the promotion of local industries and the development of specialty products were discussed.
As measures to promote mountain villages related to tourism development and resort development, development of tourism agriculture and forestry, production, sales of specialty products and cooperation with urban residents, development as a recreation area and a holiday resort, and maintenance were cited.
We pointed out future issues such as creating business opportunities related to the promotion of Yamamura, fostering new industries, and the establishment of a third sector in charge of various businesses [1994.2]
Regarding the subject, we investigated ground change and geotechnology promotion measures by black me clay field improvement materials.
In cabbage, the utilization rate of nitrogen was reduced in organic matter application zone, but the utilization rate of nitrogen, phosphoric acid, and potash in compost was different depending on the type of compost.
It was thought that the nitrogen supply power was higher than the yellow soil for black earth.
The heavy metal content of cabbage was slightly higher than zinc in pig dung Kyuhi Ward [1993.10]
The effect of feed mixed salaries in the nurturing period on dry matter intake and development rate were investigated.
Feed intake was stagnant in morning grass intake due to eating more artificial milk in mixed areas during the breeding season.
The feed intake of mixed areas exceeded in the middle of the breeding period. At 18 months of age, the mixed zone was 477 ± 28, and the separation zone was 451±14kg.
There was no difference between rumen juice, blood properties, and fertility [1994.10]
Excess packaging and environmental pollution caused by waste are serious problems.
As one of the measures, the development of biodegradable plastics for containers and packaging materials is being investigated.
Biopole, Bionore, Lakti, Eco-mati AX, and potato trays are introduced as representative examples currently being launched in Japan.
I also touched on the use of biodegradable plastic for food packaging and related laws, safety of products after decomposition [1995.3]
We elucidated the growth characteristics and the favorable tree phase under warm and heavy rain conditions, and set the preferred growth criteria for the variety “Yuei”.
The effect of early deciduous leaves on flower bud traits and the relationship between growth characteristics and yield of high-level production trees were investigated.
We investigated the use of plant growth regulators as an induction technique for suitable growth maturation patterns.
It was possible to use PP-333, S-327D, improved C-MH and KUH-833 for the purpose of preventing captain in the new treetop
The varieties marked by paddy rice are of good quality and good taste, and in Miyagi Prefecture, they are in the late evening lineage.
In the prefecture, it is planned to be adopted as an encouragement variety instead of a part of 'Sasanishiki' for the purpose of avoiding cold damage due to dispersion during the period of departure and dispersing the cutting time.
Because of late life, the probability of encountering low temperatures in the spikelage period is low, but the cold resistance is weak, so if low temperature is expected during the danger period, it is necessary to endeavor to keep the baby's heat by deep water management.
Field resistance to glutinous disease is moderate for leafy
The Shimajiri group of mudstone in Okinawa is classified as Neogene mudstone.
In mudstone areas, there are frequent cases where the SS concentration of turbid water spilled from the development site exceeds 10,000 mg/l.
From comparison of SS of turbid water emitted from land improvement projects, mudstone is estimated to be about 8 times easier to flow out than Kunigami merge.
The spill mechanism was mainly due to slaking in cut, and water diet and collapse of cracked areas were also seen.
On the other hand, large gully growth from water diet was observed in the fill.
The hardness of the soil directly or indirectly affects the growth of the roots of crops.
The relationship between root elongation and soil hardness has been evaluated by indirect measurement of loam hardness.
Therefore, we prepared a pin penetrometer that simulates the effect of soil hardness on root penetration to measure soil hardness and conduct experiments on root penetration.
As a result, it was suggested that soil hardness by pin penetrometer can be measured on root penetration, but root penetration is affected not only by soil hardness but also soil gaps.
From the results of fertilized irrigation experiments, the total number of large soil animals in pastures sprinkled with slurry was less than the chemical fertilizer zone, but increased in year 4.
The ticks and bites are no longer extracted in the fourth year.
Century species declined in the fourth year in fertilizers, but the percentage of root-eating in both districts increased, which was considered to be due to the development of the grassroots group.
Soil microflora in slurry dusting area has more bacteria and actinomycetes compared to chemical fertilizers, but the cellulose decomposition rate and filamentous fungi are less.
We aimed to develop a passenger type rice planting machine that realizes the laying of rice fields and planting of lightweight paper multi with a working efficiency of about 14a/h.
A method study for setting development specifications and narrowing the realization method (passenger type capable of working by one person, prevention of damage of seedlings, multi-paddy field laying, multi-self-collapse time, etc.) was performed.
We made multi-paper (3 types) with different strengths, and refine the paper specifications by preliminary investigating and examining planting, workability, and planting accuracy using a modified commercial multi-planting machine.
It includes the results and outline of the development and prototyping of multi-paper and transplanters based on these.
Introduced the “individualization corner” of wholesalers dealing with vegetables and fruits with the caption.
The background of the establishment of the “Personality Horticulture Room” category, such as responding to safety and health-oriented production and consumption, and the excavation of agricultural products buried in mass distribution.
In addition, the installation of a “personality gardening room” was explained, including progress and thinking of the installation.
Finally, we explained the digging of the products handled and the future direction.
It was 160 Japanese black breeding farmers, 14 heads developed at the age of 26 to 33 months, killed 2 heads, and shipped 4 heads early.
Among them, 1 dead cow and 1 shipping cow were tested, pathological and bacteriological tests were performed, and a marked disease was diagnosed.
In addition, a coccidium orcyst was detected from 8 in 9 fecal tests.
Coccidium parasitism caused damage to the mucous membrane, created an environment suitable for the development and growth of Closstridium feringens, died because it caused abnormal growth, and shipping cows have necrotizing enteritis It is thought to be this.
An autosomal dominant inherited diabetic multiplicity family whose age is 25 years or younger and has a family history of diabetes for three generations is named MODY (M).
Classification by the causative gene of M (M1-M5), direct sequence method and DHPLC as identification method of M cause gene were explained.
M is characterized by insufficiency of slin secretion due to abnormal genes working in pancreas beta cells.
However, the abnormalities of the M gene found so far are around 20% of M, and the rest are unknown.
In 2000, 20 patients with asymptomatic cerebral infarction, 10 normal people, and 21 children who do not have neurological abnormalities perivascular (PVS) of cerebral hemispheres white matter arteries (medullary artery) by high magnetic field MRI (1.5 T) I made a drawing of.
The results of the PVS were basically good margins, clear boundaries, no changes in the surroundings, the maximum diameter of less than 3 mm, along the brain parenchymal artery, and so on.
The PVS was expanding with age.
In multiple lacunar infarction cases, the PV of the medullary artery was significantly extended.
In cases with hypertension, expansion was further enhanced.
These findings suggest that PV of the medullary artery expands more with the progression of medullary atherosclerosis.
Allogeneic bone transplantation reconstructed the molar defect and installed a cementless socket directly on top of it. However, although there is a degree of difference, the transfer of the socket by implantation bone collaps was allowed in all cases.
In order to prevent postoperative collapse of graft bone, surgery has been performed in conjunction with the use of the SUPPORT RING since 1984.
The procedure and the X-ray results were outlined.
42 cases. It was enforced in 45 joints (12 males, 30 women, 40-82 years old).
In the example where allogeneic bone was transplanted in the load part, a stronger initial fixation was obtained by using the support ring in combination with strut screw.
When the graft bone was implanted and the reemodeling was completed, the component stabilized in the position where it was installed.
Using ocalcium phosphate (OCP), a precursor of apatite in living organisms, was used as a paste to dentin by irradiation of carbon dioxide laser.
The paste made from calcium phosphate dihydrate and calcium carbonate as raw materials melted with dentin by carbon dioxide laser irradiation, and some dentin tubules were closed.
OCP paste bonded to the surface of the dentin and not only closed the dentin tubules, but also fused specifically around the dentin tubules.
When carbon dioxide laser irradiation, a fusion layer is formed in dentin by applying calcium phosphate salt, suggesting the possibility of strengthening the dentin surface after dentin hyperesthesia and caries treatment.
BUDD-Cchiari syndrome (BCS) has been previously advocated by a congenital vascular abnormality theory.
However, in recent years, the acquired thrombus theory has become considered to be the cause because the constriction and obstruction of the membrane structure and the initial hepatic venous occurrence can be explained by thrombus and its organisation.
In this study, we examined the genetic polymorphism of CoDon 830 and 897 in the case of the Japanese BCS of the specimen conservation center and Nepal BCS cases.
As a result, the gene polymorphism of FacTOR V was found in six places, of which the codon 830,897 was a mysene mutation.
The latest MRI imaging method, diffuse emphasis imaging (DWI), was applied to 38 lesions in 31 cases, where other tests noted hepatoma cucumbers.
A total of 10 lesions of 4 lesions with a size of 5 mm or less, 3 lesions around 1cm, and 3 lesions around 2cm were difficult to draw by dWi.
Examples that were not depicted at a size of more than 1 cm were in close proximity to the diaphragm or after treatment of primary liver cancer.
It was expected to draw a swollen with a size of 5 mm or more, and it was shown to be useful for diagnosis by combining with other MRI imaging and testing methods.
For lower limb angiography CT, which made it possible to shoot a wide range by MDCT, the usefulness and problems of evaluation by three-dimensional (3D) reconstituted images were examined, and the improvement measures were examined.
The target is 20 cases 46 lesions with obstructive atherosclerosis and CTA of the lower extremities.
As a result, in half of the cases where 3D images were inferior to the original image in both the central and peripheral side groups.
For 14 lesions with impaired calcification, lumen patency was compared with 3D images and original images.
The difference was close to 60% in the advanced calcification group with calcification ranging from 3/4 laps to all periphery, and it was found that the disparity spread in the evaluation.
When comparing the 3D image with the original image for 16 parts of the paralateral vessel, a 3D image was obtained where 15 sites are comparable to the original image.
First, the repair ability of articular cartilage, restoration by bone marrow stimulation method, and restoration method by autochondrocyte transplantation were discussed.
The restoration of bone cartilage defects by self-bone marrow mesenchymal cell transplantation in rabbits was then outlined.
Furthermore, the results of repair of cartilage defects by self-bone marrow mesenchymal cell transplantation in humans were explained.
Good repair results were found in the cell transplant group.
Next, future issues such as sorting of transplanted cell populations, administration of growth factors, and gene transfer were explained.
The average number of dust in the operating room and intensive care unit (ICU), the number of airborne bacteria, and the number of falling bacteria colonies were compared before and after the introduction of the underfoot (monolithic system) to clarify the subject of the marking.
For the operating room in use, the average number of dust increased slightly after the introduction of the monoped system, and the number of times exceeding NASA class 10,000 was significantly increased.
There was no change in the average number of dust in the unused operating room.
There was no significant change in the average number of ICU dust, but the frequency of NASA class 10,000 or less increased.
The number of airborne bacteria and the number of falling bacteria colonies did not change in both the operating room and ICU before and after the introduction of the monopod system.
In operating rooms and ICU equipped with air conditioning facilities, it suggested that the monoped system does not affect air cleanliness.
Development of hydroacid-apatite porous artificial bones and in vivo testing were reported.
To ensure excellent bone conductivity and strength, we developed a hydroacid-apatite porous material that optimizes the diameter of bubbles and interconnected holes by the foamy slurry method.
In addition, it was highly suitable for application to bone regeneration using bone marrow cells.
By optimizing conditions such as pH and temperature, apatite/collagen fiber composites with alignment directions were prepared from solutions of phosphoric acid, calcium and collagen.
This composite material was mixed with collagen solution to create a soft spongy material.
Animal experiments have confirmed excellent biosorbability and bone regeneration properties.
Trauma that complies with posterior dislocation of the elbow joint (medial parligament injury), a bone fracture and an ulnar pyryate fracture, is often called terribe triad (TT) and difficult to treat.
Outcomes of treatment for elbow joint TT11 cases were introduced.
An ornamental treatment was carried out in 10 cases, and one was conservative treatment with only gypsum fixation.
We obtained relatively good results by actively bonding bone bonding and ulnar pyrnate fractures.
Postoperative external fixation is desirable to stay no more than two weeks.
Reconstruction of ligaments for the anterior cross ligaments (ACLs), etc., has made significant progress.
The basic study of ACL ligament reconstruction was discussed.
The study of joint kinematics after ACL reconstruction using robotics and the effect of promoting healing of postoperative transplantation using growth factors were outlined.
There is a high possibility of application to knee ligament reconstruction using fibrin sealant as an application of tissue engineering cell therapy to ACL reconstruction.
In the basic research of ligament reconstruction, both biomechanics and biological studies are important.
First, the site of recurrence, the procedure for lymph node recurrence, and the choice of treatment for lymph node recurrence in cases of chest esophageal cancer resection.
The indications for surgery for recurrence of lymph nodes in the mediastinum and abdomen were also explained.
In addition, lymph node dissection for lymph node recurrence after chemoradiation therapy was described.
Familial amyloid polyneuropathy (FAP) is not a region-specific disease, but is a relatively frequent disease among hereditary neuropathy in Japan.
In Japan, more than 60 patients have already received this treatment.
The progression of peripheral and autonomic symptoms is stopped after transplantation, and the survival rate for 5 years after surgery is 77%.
The postoperative course of patients who are early after disease (around 5 years), without heart or kidney impairment, and good nutrition is good.
The FAP recognized that the dissemination of gene diagnosis and the introduction of liver transplantation as a treatment can help get away from intractable diseases.
Although it is rare to experience nonspecific reactions on routine tests, there is no reagent improvement by examining the cause search.
This time, we examined the cause of nonspecific reactions in the measurement of HbS antigens (Ag) and HBE antigens in blood disease and experienced improvement of reagents.
The measurement of HBS antigens, antibodies (Ab), HBE antigens, antibodies and HCV antibodies by ELSiA-F750 automatic immunoassay device based on ELISA (Enzyme Immunoassay) in June 1997 .
The case is an infectious disease test for patients admitted to bone marrow transplantation with untreated acute myeloid leukemia. The diagnosis was incorrect by nonspecific reactions of HbSAG and HBEAG reagents, and reported as an initial suspicion of infection with hepatitis B.
For the purpose of checking whether nonspecific substances have already been bonded in the primary reaction from the measurement process and the composition of each reagent, and to see the difference between the reagent composition between the items, the F-750 dedicated measuring vessel with no antibody proteins. Each item was measured.
As a result of the study, the avoidance of nonspecific reactions was possible by adding 1% casein to HbSAG and HBEAG buffer or changing the blocking agent.
In recent years, non-alcoholic fatty liver damage (NAFLD) has increased rapidly due to changes in lifestyle habits.
The etiology of NAFLD is mainly obesity and insulin resistance, and most cases are associated with lifestyle-related diseases.
NAFLDs are mostly fatty liver and no disease progresses, but about 10% of them are non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH), which progresses to cirrhosis of the liver and hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC).
This paper describes the natural course of NAFLD and NASH, describes the fibrosis of NASH, its severity predictor and cirrhosis, and the association between obesity and NASH and HCC.
Cases of marking women aged 54 and 84 years old were reported.
In case 1, anticancer drugs caused extravascular leakage, redness, sclerosis, and skin crushing after surgery for ovarian cancer and during chemotherapy.
In case 2, redness, sclerosis, and skin crushing occurred during chemotherapy for liver metastases in rectal cancer.
Both cases were given conservative therapy.
When the boundary of the lesion became clear, surgical therapy was performed.
In both cases, the postoperative course was good.
Three cases of stenosis of the lumbar spinal canal resulting in a pair twine were examined as postoperative performance and its related factors.
None of the three observed significant improvement in twine after surgery.
In cases 1 and 2, we think that the long period until surgery was a poor performance factor.
On the other hand, although the period until surgery was short in case 3, I think that the performance was poor due to the advanced twine of MMT1.
From above, in elderly people over 70 years of age, including cauda equina type with bladder dysfunction, long to surgery, and cases with hemp altitude are not necessarily significant improvement in twine by surgery.
The National Hospital Organization Kanmon Medical Center (National Shimonoseki Hospital) opened a general medical care for women on September 30, 2002.
From the opening to October 31, 2005, the number of first-visit patients counted 808 in three years.
The outline of the establishment, the flow of medical treatment, the needs of the patient, the outline of the clinic, and the network inside and outside the hospital were outlined.
Screening MRI was reconsidered to consider the most frequent disc signal, especially for cases diagnosed with infectious myelitis.
Of the T2 emphasis images of lumbar MRI684 (male 355, women 349, 5 months to 89 years old), 298 cases of disc-high signal were observed.
According to the findings of purulent spondylitis, the shape of the intervertebral disc and the high-signal pattern in the T2 image were classified into 7 patterns.
As a result, there were eight cases in which purulent spondylitis did not have the impression of purulent spondylitis while presenting a T-pattern of high-signal signal in a hen flattened unorthoped low-signal discs, which is considered typical signal strength.
No soft tissue thickening or terminating signal strength abnormalities were found in these cases.
There are other cases that have patterns commonly seen in osteodistorosis and compression fractures, and patterns seen in normal intervertebral discs and lumbar disc hernias. It is necessary to diagnose systematically, along with soft shadow and pyramidal anomaly signal strength there is.
Indications for conservative therapy for carpal tunnel syndrome (CTS) vary depending on the severity of the first visit, duration of disease, age, and subjective symptoms such as numbness.
In some cases, the elderly who complain of pain may recommend surgery without adhering to conservative therapy.
Steroid injection and brace therapy were compared in practice of conservative therapy.
Both can be expected to have the same therapeutic effect, but steroid agents may have complications and recurrence.
CTS are often among middle-aged women, and living guidance is important when hand overuse is present.
Side effects of oral anticancer drugs commonly used in breast cancer outpatient and their countermeasures were outlined.
The positioning of oral anticancer agents in breast cancer treatment was mentioned.
The characteristic side effects of oral anticancer drugs and countermeasures include metabolic antidrugs (loss of appetite, nausea, vomiting, bone marrow suppression, etc.) and alkylating agents (hemorrhagic bladder, etc.).
In addition, points in interaction and drug guidance were shown.
The usefulness of serum interleukin 18 (IL-18) concentration as a clinical parameter during burns was investigated.
25 patients were 22 survivors and 3 deaths, the total burn area (TBSA) averaged 271% (1 -93%), and the burn index (BI) averaged 19.6.
The oxygenation index was positively correlated with negative and severity (SOFA score).
The average of survivors was 334 pg/mL, while the average of the deaths was 626 pg/mL, and the average of survivors was lower than those of deaths.
It was suggested that serum IL-18 concentrations may be useful as a clinical parameter for inflammatory response caused by burns.
Results from artificial hip replacement surgery (THA) are stable in the medium term.
It is important for orthopedic surgeons to avoid complications.
The pathogenesis of postoperative dislocation was explained.
Possible causes include abnormal installation of socket and stem components, pelvis and femur caused by remaining osteophytes, collision between socket margins and stem neck, and insufficient tension of soft tissue.
In addition, malfunction of abductor muscle group, muscle weakness, malfunction of major transter, excessive external force, etc.
Hereditary complement factor 3 (C3) deficiency is an extremely rare disease.
This time, as a result of a blood test of a 7-year-old boy who admitted abnormalities in school urination, C3:0mg/dl, C4:18 mg/dl, CH50:16U/ml was recognized.
Suspected hereditary C3 deficiency because of their relationship with their parents, and searched for family and brothers.
As a result of genetic analysis, a biobasic deletion was observed in exon 29 in patients and hetero in parents, and diagnosed hereditary C3 deficiency.
In the literature, nine cases have been reported so far, most of which parents were associated with blood and homo mutations.
Why hereditary C3 deficiency is less frequent than other complement defects, and why there are many homo mutations, we examined the mechanism from the biosynthesis process of C3 molecule.
Thyrotoxicosis explained.
The pathogenesis and classification of thyrotoxicosis and symptoms were discussed.
Treatment of Basedow disease (side effects of antithyroid and antithyroid drugs, radioactive iodine therapy, surgical therapy), diagnosis and treatment of plummer disease, stimulation of hCG, iodine-induced, and toxicosis caused by thyroid hormone intake Beta
In addition, he showed advice to the trainee.
First, the advantages and disadvantages of the Clinical Path were discussed.
The problems of applying clinicalpaths for esophageal cancer surgery and cases of esophageal cancer in which the clinic path is adapted were outlined.
Next, the clinical path for medical staff for esophageal cancer surgery was explained about features, preoperative management, postoperative ICU, postoperative management in the ward, and oral intake.
In addition, patient clinical paths for esophageal cancer surgery were explained.
Finally, we discussed the recording and analysis of variance.
The analysis of variance suggests that clarifying the problem is useful for improving the quality of medical care.
Autopsy imaging (Ai) technology, including post-death imaging, was explained.
By using AI technology, it is possible to compensate for the reduction of the anatomy rate.
It can also be useful in criminal investigations and can also identify the cause of death.
Ai was a fusion of pathology and diagnostic imaging, and showed a difference between anatomy.
Among the 1621 people who received a checkup in Hisayama Town, Fukuoka Prefecture, 937 who were able to determine the angiotensin-converting enzyme gene polymorphism were tracked for 32 years.
The angiotensin-converting enzyme gene polymorphism extracted DNA from a living sample, paraffin sample of autopsy, and fresh-frozen specimens, and was determined by PCR method.
176 people died of malignant tumors during the follow-up period.
When the association between smoking and tumor death by angiotensin-converting enzyme gene polymorphism, the effect of smoking in DD type was approximately twice as large as that of type II and ID type.
In this paper, we introduced the drug-check work that arranged the same corner pharmacist in accordance with the expected hospitalization time of the patient.
The new hospital system showed that approximately 80% of hospitalized patients in a day can be checked in just 2 hours, and approximately 91% of patients with their own drugs can be confirmed by checking in the same corner.
The hospital's system is one of the efficient dowry check systems, and it is also the timing when patients can best appeal to the pharmacist's ability.
As the share of generics (GE Pharmaceuticals) increases and the opportunity to be used by more people, the social responsibility of GE Pharmaceuticals is becoming heavier.
Sawai Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. has been leading companies that manufacture and sell GE pharmaceuticals and have been promoting the existence and social significance of GE pharmaceuticals to the public through various media.
This paper outlines the efforts of our GE pharmaceuticals.
In the future, he said that it is necessary not only to seek promotion of the use of GE drugs, but also to enhance the reliability of GE pharmaceuticals, including quality.
Cases of Akatsuki disease in 45-year-old women were reported.
After using new cosmetics, rashes on the face began to be observed.
Steroids and external use of steroid ointments and zinc Hua ointments were carried out.
Symptoms improved 2 months after administration.
Contact dermatitis caused by cosmetics and Akatsuki disease were suspected.
Because RSDs are not uniform, the selection of treatment appropriate for the condition is necessary.
Pharmacological Pain Mechanism Discrimination Test (DCT) was described as a method for determining the mechanism of pain.
The mechanisms of neuropathic pain include the occurrence of ectopic nerve ignition, involvement of sympathetic nerves, changes in the posterior spinal cord angle, sensitization of secondary neurons and memory of pain were outlined.
Test drugs include phentolamine, morphine, lidocaine, or naloxone.
Subsequent treatment was mentioned.
Virus/immunoserological tests on BALF and plasma were performed for 14 patients with idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis (IPF) and 8 patients hospitalized with acute exacerbation of IPF.
The cytokines that are significantly increasing in BALF during acute exacerbation compared to the IPF stable phase were 13 types of measured 17 species of insects, and IL-6, TNFα, ifngamma showed a high trend in particularly poor prognosis cases.
In three cases where BALF could be reexamined during acute exacerbation treatment course, IL-2, IL-5, IL-6 showed a tendency to decline regardless of prognosis by treatment, and IL-8, ifnGamma, TNFα showed an upward trend with poor prognosis .
In plasma, IL-6, IL-7, IL-8, and IL-10 were significantly increased during acute exacerbations compared to the stable phase.
The basic pathology of bronchial asthma is chronic airway inflammation.
Airway inflammation involves many cells including eosinophils, T cells, mast cells, neutrophils, macrophages, airway epithelium and various humoral factors.
It is important to note that th2 cytokines are involved not only in the central respiratory tract but also in the peripheral respiratory tract.
Furthermore, the pathologies of airway remodeling such as airway epithelial cell exfoliation and germ cellification, basal membrane thickening, hyperplasia and hyperplasia of airway smooth muscle, angiogenesis, resulting in irreversible airway obstruction. Chronically increases airway hypersensitivity and causes severe and intractable asthma.
In the treatment of asthma, it is important that anti-inflammatory drugs, mainly inhaled steroid drugs, are introduced early in order to control allergic inflammation and to suppress the remodeling of the respiratory tract.
Bronchial asthma is characterized by repeated paroxysmal wheezing, dyspnea, and coughing that are easy to appear at night or early in the morning. In auscultation findings, continuous loud sounds, especially harmonic whistle sounds.
In addition, the diagnosis of asthma requires an objective assessment of airflow restriction by respiratory function tests.
Evaluate with spirometry or peak flow meter and conduct airway hypersensitivity tests.
Evaluation of airway inflammation is performed by sputum examination, nitric oxide concentration in exhalation, breath condensate measurement, and allergological examination.
Discernment of wheezing and dyspnea such as chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, left heart failure, hyperventilation syndrome, etc.
It is important for clinical diagnosis that 1) symptoms derived from airflow restriction occur in paroxysmal recurrent nature, 2) the airflow restriction is at least partially reversible, and 3) the exclusion of other diseases.
As a result of our genetic analysis, the IL-17F gene may play an important role in the pathogenesis of asthma.
PAI-1 may be deeply involved in the formation of airway remodeling, and functional polymorphism of the PAI-1 gene is considered one of the genetic factors that dictate whether airway remodeling is easy to proceed .
CCL5 is a chemokine that is strongly induced from airway epithelium during viral infection and may play an important role in the acquisition of chronic airway inflammation, especially in elderly asthma.
Focusing on the role of macrophage migration inhibitory factors, it was presumed that the innate immune system was deeply involved in allergic pathogenesis.
From above, the common pathways of pathophysiology are clarified at the molecular level, which deepened the understanding of diseases.
I hope that targeting these pathways will contribute to the advancement of asthma prevention and treatment.
ECG synchronous reconstruction CT angiography (4D-CTA) developed to accurately grasp the dynamic state of cerebral aneurysm wall is outlined.
4D-CTA S-MPR was able to obtain objective cerebral aneurysm images with respect to image processing.
Blood collection is now essential for measuring blood glucose levels for diabetes diagnosis.
It is hoped that non-invasive blood glucose measurement is realized.
In this paper, we reported the acquisition of basic data for internal temperature estimation using MRI.
The possibility of invivo measurement of blood glucose level was investigated by measuring the resonance characteristics by using patch antennas excited by waveguides in the millimeter wave region.
It was confirmed that temperature distribution measurement can be realized by the difference of the T2 phase image.
This method can be used as a non-invasive temperature monitor in the body in various treatment systems.
The characteristics of the clinical picture and molecular genetic characteristics of the enhanned S-Cone Sine (ESCS) were outlined, including self-trial cases.
Characteristics of the clinical picture of ESCS include: Awareness of night blind, presence of hyperopia, cystic macular disease, retinal degeneration from vascular arcade to middle periphery, attenuation of pestle reaction and 30 Hz flicker reaction as ErG findings, flash There are similarities of ERG and pyramidal ERG waveforms, etc.
The causative gene is the NR2E3 gene.
An example of the self-trial was a 17-year-old male patient with parents with heterozygous mutations and a 33-year-old female patient with mild cases from the perspective of maintaining visual function.
The case was a 47-year-old woman with a major complaint of lower abdominal bloating.
Various tests including pelvic MRI were most suspected of uterine leiomyoma, but with preoperative diagnosis that malignant tumors could not be denied, total lapototectomy by gynecology and bilateral adnectomy were performed.
Histologically diagnosed metastatic uterine cancer and found that bilateral breast cancer was detected as a result of primary focal examination.
Preoperative systemic chemotherapy was followed by left pectoral muscle-sparing mastectomy, left axillary lymph node dissection, and right partial breast resection.
Postoperative radiation was carried out in three places: left chest wall, right conservative mammary gland, and right axillary.
In the sixteenth month after surgery, the tumor marker was reelevated, unable to block the progression of symptoms, and died of cancerous peritonitis.
Lysine, botulinum, and verotoxin are highly toxic protein toxins that are concerned for use in biochemical weapons or bioterrorism.
The Institute of Science and Police, Faculty of Engineering, Nagoya University and Gifu University of Pharmacy have jointly developed an accurate and rapid detection method for these toxins.
The detection principle using sugar chains is characteristic, combined with surface plasmon resonance (SPR) method.
It is a reliable and operable method with significantly reduced time compared to conventional methods.
A case of linear scleroderma combined with spine bifida (16-year-old women) was reported.
A linear array of erythema appeared from the right buttocks to the thigh.
Clinical laboratory findings, histopathological findings, and imaging findings were used to diagnose linear scleroderma combined with spinal bifida.
With mometasone francarboxylate ointment, the depression was slightly lighter, but the depression of normal skin continued.
It has been reported that the West Nile virus (WNV) NS4B protein becomes an antagonist of interferon along with other viral proteins and localized in the cell nucleus at the later stages of infection.
It was observed that NS4B protein localized in the nucleus not only in virus-infected cells but also in non-infected cells as a fusion protein with red fluorescent dye.
Analysis of deficient mutants revealed that the C-terminal 50 amino acids of this protein are important for nuclear migration of NS4B protein.
In addition, many NS4B proteins are localized in the mitotic cell nucleus, suggesting that they are involved in the regulation of cell division.
Hepatocellular carcinoma has fewer lymph node metastases and distant metastases than intrahepatic bile duct cancer, which is the same primary liver cancer.
However, they often form masses in polymorphism, making it difficult to treat.
It has been revealed that multiple mass formation occurs in a multicentralized form with background liver lesions.
For patients with hepatocellular carcinoma with hepatitis or cirrhosis in the background, it is always necessary to keep in mind polycentric carcinogenesis.
This paper explains the findings related to multicentric carcinogenesis and practical identification methods for multicentric development.
The liver is the first organ that enters portal blood flow from digestive organs, and is the organ that has the most frequent spread of gastrointestinal cancer.
This paper outlines each treatment for metastatic liver cancer, mainly in colorectal cancer.
First, methods for evaluating liver metastases and retrieval of extrahepatic lesions were discussed.
Epidemiology of colorectal cancer liver metastasis was then discussed. Surgery therapy, kinetic chemotherapy, local therapy, and systemic chemotherapy for liver metastases in colorectal cancer were discussed.
Finally, treatment for liver metastases in neuroendocrine tumors was discussed.
A 54-year-old woman reported a case of cutaneous focal mUCINOSIS.
Two years ago, a pale red shiny nodule with a diameter of 10 mm appeared on the left labia and gradually enlarged.
A simple resection was 2mm apart.
From histopathological findings, we diagnosed cutaneous focal mUCINOSIS.
There is no recurrence for 5 months after surgery.
Blood T4 < 60% before administration of blood T4/T3 after administration of T3 was used as an indicator of remission.
With this indicator as a guide, Basedow's disease recurrence was not observed for 1 year immediately after the cessation of antithyroid agents, and only 16 out of 146 cases in 5 years.
Its recurrence rate was 11%, which was very good compared to other reports
A 17-year-old woman who showed different results depending on the menstrual cycle despite having a similar cold stimulus test was reported.
The cold stimulation test was performed 2 weeks before, 6 days before and 6 days after menstruation, and the histamine in plasma and urinary N-methylhistamine (NMH) before and after load.
The changes in sex hormones caused by menstruation were also measured.
Measurement of urinary NMH was considered useful for diagnosing cold urticaria
In the United States, the pelvic cesarean rate increased exponentially to 80 -90% in the 1980s, and the rate remains almost intact today.
External rotation is usually performed in 37 weeks.
Pelvic photography is performed in cases of unsuccessful extractorotics.
Trial delivery is attempted for cases that meet the conditions for delivery after delivery, but it is often changed when there is something wrong, and cesarean rate is not going to decrease in the future
After subarachnoid surgery, cerebellar infarction, bilateral twine, 49 years old, nursing a female patient.
Prevention of danger, early detection of abnormalities, expansion of ADL (daily life activity work) and independence as a nursing goal, we also devised self-help equipment etc.
As a result, it became completely independent and there is no ADL, but there was considerable progress compared to the time of admission.
The meal was from all service to semi-service.
Eliminate，Urination still takes time
In the case of 78-year-old women receiving 12 mg of trichlorsiazide (I) per day for hypertension, consciousness suddenly disappeared during intravenous dose of Na bicarbonate for the treatment of rotational dizziness during physical activity.
This example caused electrolyte abnormalities such as hypokemia due to overdose of I, resulting in various arrhythmias such as sinus bradycardia, atrial fibrillation, complete left leg block, supraventricular and ventricular extrasystole.
K-replacement therapy alone was insufficient, and artificial pacemaker therapy was effective.
Involvement of trigger activity as a mechanism for the development of various ventricular arrhythmias
A summary of marked group diarrhea was reported.
As a result of PCR on flights collected for 99 children, E. coli was detected from 3 people.
In addition, 16 strains of toxin-producing properties were isolated from 155 officials from the 579 specimen.
There is no problem with plumbing, the cause of food is unknown, but the disinfectant was not installed, it was possible for children to touch both filth treatment sinks and diaper storage cases, etc.
It was found that most of spondylosis is caused by extreme sports activities during development.
MRI makes it possible to diagnose spondylosis earlier than X-ray diagnosis, which significantly increases the outcome of conservative therapy.
When MRI was conducted to those who complained of back pain at junior high school screening, a low brightness change was observed to 51%.
These were mild in all cases due to lumbar braces or exercise restrictions.
MRI diagnosis is recommended for junior high school students when there is no obvious cause and lumbago for more than 1 month
In recent years, many “asymptomatic gallstones” that do not have symptoms specific to gallstones have been recognized.
More than 95% are said to be crevice stones, but they can be found asymptomatically even in cholangiolithiasis and intrahepatolithiasis.
The basic policy of treatment of asymptomatic gallstones is observation.
The diagnosis of gout can be confirmed that persistent hyperuricemia exists, when acute arthritis attack, a needle crystal of uric acid soda precipitates in the joint fluid, and polynucleated leukocytes are eating on them.
Differentiation from rheumatoid arthritis and pseudgout is necessary.
In addition, disease diagnosis is performed by uric acid clearance test.
Other tests necessary for diagnosis of complications, treatment, and follow-up
The administration of H2 blockers (I) and proton pump inhibitors (II) currently available in Japan once a day were explained.
I mainly include cimetidine, ranitidine, famotidine, etc., and there is no difference in healing rate once per day and twice.
The administration time was better with famotidine once in the morning.
There were omeprazole and lansoprazole in II, and there was no difference in healing rates due to time dosing
Lisinopril (10 mg) was administered once in the morning for 20 patients with cerebrovascular impairment complying with moderate or higher hypertension, and after 4-8 weeks, its usefulness was examined from the viewpoint of blood pressure diurnal variability.
Equal lowering of blood pressure was observed both during the day and night, and hypotension was performed without changing the fluctuations in the day.
This case has passed well since no case of worsening of neurological symptoms even in follow-up survey 1 year after administration
An open study was conducted to examine the effects and antihypertensive effects of marked drugs on subjective symptoms, psychiatric conditions, and neurosymptomatology in 158 cases of stroke patients.
It was effective in improving subjective symptoms associated with stroke and improvement of psychiatric symptoms.
Subarachnoid hemorrhage was highly improved by disease.
There was no sharp drop in blood pressure, and a slow and reliable antihypertensive effect was shown, especially for boundary area blood pressure
Saline method to detect complete antibodies, enzyme method, albumin method, indirect antiglobulin test is performed to detect incomplete antibodies.
Points to keep in mind on operation in each test method and the abnormal reaction and their correspondence were outlined.
It is imperative that irregular antibody screening be performed prior to the marking test.
The manual for the marking test for emergency transfusion needs to be clear
Non-metallic prosthetics and orthotics materials other than plastic were discussed.
The superiority of each type and property of natural and artificial materials were mentioned.
Natural organic materials are biological materials. Some artificial materials also reach or surpass natural materials.
They mentioned that materials close to human organisms need to be ensured proper use for prosthetics and orthotics materials
The onset of 212 cases (1970-1993) was most common between 60 and 69 years old, and women aged 20-29 were more than men of the same age.
83% were naturally healed without special treatment.
42% of the total had a history of taking drugs containing SH-group, and there was no difference in the distribution of cases by residence
A rare case (man, 25 years old) of basedow's disease with marked hypercalcemia was reported.
In this case, generalized weakness was noted, serum calcium values of 12.5 mg/dl, calcium ions 3.14 mEQ/L and significant hypercalcemia.
Hypercalcemia, marked by large doses of infusion, improved within a few days, and serum calcium levels were normalized with the normalization of blood thyroid hormones by taking antithyroid agents.
I emphasized the importance of search for exacerbation factors and optimal treatment
The indices of nutritional therapy centered on energy and protein directly related to low nutrition in dialysis patients were outlined.
The main nutritional index is the measurement of energy sources (fats) and protein sources (muscle protein, internal protein) in vivo.
In addition, appropriate exercise therapy based on prescription is also indispensable, and indicators such as exercise tolerance will be required in the future
The mechanisms of respiratory infection protection and treatment of chronic airway infections were shown in charts and tables, and the pathogenesis and principles of treatment of chronic airway infections were briefly explained.
Next, representative pathogenic bacteria were summarized in a table, their characteristics were described, and antibacterial drug therapy was described by pathogenic bacteria.
In addition, points of caution in outpatient or home treatment were shown.
Finally, we introduced the significance of long-term macrolide therapy for chronic respiratory tract infections
Studies that dismantled the relationship between central spasms and histamine levels in the brain were explained.
There was an inverse correlation between brain histamine levels and clonic convulsive duration, and there was no correlation between the duration of the tonic convulsions.
Histamine neuron mechanisms demonstrated an important role in inhibition of clonic convulsive duration.
CENTRAL H1 receptor antidrugs should not be given to children
For 12 cases of skin crushing with infectious diseases such as infective powder after incision discharge, ointments containing white sugar and povidone iodine are used in a tampons method to insert eupaster into the crush, and examine its clinical utility was.
Both the size and depth of the crush were significantly reduced.
The degree of improvement by symptom was 100% for all items such as granulation and epidermal formation.
No side effects were observed at all
The clinical separation of 73 strains was targeted.
The correlation between the results of this kit and the MIC value of methicillin was good, but one of 40 strains that was sensitive to methicillin was positive for the mECA gene.
The detection sensitivity was not always sufficient when using bacteria compared with DNA.
Electrophoresis was more stable in the simultaneous reproducibility of the detection system.
Differences were observed by reaction temperature and large variations in the reproducibility of the daylight
Regulatory properties of pharmaceutical products for general use were described.
Next, we discussed the need for pharmacies to use drugs and how to deal with general use drugs from the point of view of clinical pharmacies for pharmacists.
Furthermore, we thought about the concrete development of “clinical pharmacy” in local pharmacists.
Finally, we discussed the way of pharmacist education for pharmacology
The case was a 58-year-old woman who had progressive walking wobbling, urination disorders, and dementia.
Acyclovir has made a temporary improvement.
Cerebrospinal fluid test showed increased cell/protein proliferation and simple borrhea virus antibody price increase, and MRI showed bilateral temporal lobe lesions.
Headache, fever and other meningostimulation symptoms, unclear temporal lobe symptoms, chronic progressive course and dementia was seen in the whole view, etc. It was thought to be specific as a marked encephalitis
By using am-fit to measure the shape of the foot with a digitizer for 15 nurses working in the daytime zone, and by measuring the arch height rate expressed as a percentage of the ratio of the sail-shaped bone roughness to the length of the foot. We examined the marking.
Foot complaints were admitted to eight people.
After working, the height of the foot arch fell almost all cases, and the percentage of the decline in arch height was greater than that of the group with foot complaints.
suggested a decrease in foot arch height may have affected foot complaints
Handicap level adjustment was performed through compulsory education return of 3 cases.
Both patients and families wished to return to school as the degree of independence of daily life behavior increased due to rehabilitation.
The medical side understands the disability of the school and board of education, and the role of medical management after returning to school, reinstatement was realized.
Considered a need for a comprehensive rehabilitation system
By adopting the streptavidin tube method, multiple items can be measured in the same tube.
As a result, improvement of measurement sensitivity, improvement of reproducibility, and improvement of reagent stability were observed.
By using the fully automatic EEA analyzer ES600, a large number of specimens can be processed at once
We investigated the history of the Department of Music Education and Music Therapy, Faculty of Education, Kan Sas University.
We investigated the transition for five years after the death of Mr. Gasson, the founder of the university.
Music therapy program, supervisory instructor's performance, student name and number of students were summarized.
The university's music therapy program is very well known and has attracted the interest of many students.
This survey allowed me to create a list of all students including bachelors and doctoral graduates
The artificial kidney was divided into chronic hemodialysis and emergency and intensive medicine, and the current situation and future development trends in each field were explained.
First, we discussed the treatment methods in the field of chronic hemodialysis, and explained the current status of membrane materials that are changing from cellulose to various plastics, and also discussed biocompatibility such as antithrombotic.
In addition, sustained blood filtration methods and continuous hemofiltration dialysis methods in the field of emergency and intensive medicine were discussed.
The outline of the treatment method and the characteristics of hollow fiber membranes in which polyacrylonitrile and polymethyl methacrylate are used
Gastric acid secretion test by insulin load and gastric evacuation test using acetaminophen were performed in dogs with gastric wax.
After surgery, a reduced acid effect was observed, but no significant change in gastric discharge capacity was observed.
Next, laparoscopic vagal nerve dissection was performed as an additional reduction of laparoscopic simple closure surgery in the case of perforation of duodenal squashing.
Good antiacid effect and high degree of gastric evacuation by this surgery
I got a response from 70 patients.
Many patients replied that they were fun, and some of them saw movement at the emotional level.
I took a video with the consent of the patient and observed the patient's state at the time of participation.
We also examined the record of patient responses and actions before and after the participation of ward nurses
A high-level osteotomy was performed with medial and medial/patella osteoarthritis, and long-term clinical results of 73 cases and 94 knees that have elapsed more than 10 years after surgery were examined.
At the time of the survey, the orthodontic target angle was maintained with an average of 170.6 degrees in the front X-ray image of the knee joint position.
The pain had been significantly improved or disappeared in all cases.
He also admitted that walking distance has increased twice as preoperative, and there is no disability to lift stairs.
The clinical effect of Katsuraedabukumaru was investigated for 23 patients with multiple cerebral infarction (average 66.7 ± 10.3 years old).
It was found to improve erythrocyte aggregation and fibrinogen levels, which are considered risk factors for cerebral infarction development.
Its action depended on the importance of “blood syndrome”, an oriental medical condition.
It was speculated that this drug may inhibit the development of cerebral infarction
We examined a 53-year-old male case.
The initial symptoms were shortness of breath and right costal pain during exertion. Pericarditis already completed by cardiac catheters was confirmed.
After about 2 years, he died of respiratory failure caused by pneumonia.
The heart weight was 740 g and saw remarkable pericardial thickening and adhesions.
The pericardium invaded necrotic tissue and lymphocytes with nuclear atypia, and the findings were also found in the myocardium.
Malignant lymphoma of paraaortic lymph nodes resulted in contractile pericarditis
A case of Parkinson's disease (P), which has obtained the effect of low-protein diet therapy over a long period of time was reported.
In cases of more than 10 years after the onset of the disease, the side effects of long-term levodopa (I) -based antiP were noticeable, and a combination of 6 g of low-protein diet therapy was performed each morning and lunch.
Stabilization of neurological symptoms and relief of I side effects was shown.
The effect was maintained for 2 years, there are no nutritional disorders, and suggested that the combination of this therapy is useful in the long term for P
A single nerve discharge of skin pain receptor (R) in SD rats was recorded and the effect of quinoform (C) on thermal reaction was investigated.
The thermal reaction of the control group of dimethylsulfoxide lysates only showed no apparent variation.
In the C administration group, the activity of R was clearly enhanced for 240 minutes.
It was suggested that there is an enhancement of R activity under hyperalgesia seen in action by C
Nein moxibustion treatment (average 32.3 times for 9.9 months) was performed for 102 patients with Smon to evaluate the transition of abnormal perception and indefinite complaints.
The level and degree of abnormal perception were unchanged, but there were cases of improvement of more than 5% by “feeling sharp” and “pain”.
In indefinite complaints, more than 10% improvement was shown in diarrhea, anorexia, bladder disorder, and headache.
Immediately after the treatment, convictions such as “light feeling of the whole body”, “feeling tripped” and “warm feeling of lower limbs” were recognized
I conducted a report on the postings for fiscal year 1996 (19 papers).
Focused on the development of mechanisms and prevention methods for immature neuronal necrosis.
Clinically, we aimed to elucidate the mechanism of cerebral circulation disorders from fetal to neonatal period, early diagnosis, and development of therapeutic methods.
Joint research on forward vision of pregnant women, embryos, and newborns from the previous period is also ongoing
In the case of survival analysis for the development and development of diabetic retinopathy, statistical analysis methods for data including case exclusion (left censoring) that have already occurred events at the start of the event were investigated.
As a result, it was confirmed that a higher bias occurs in the survival time distribution estimation in the analysis that ignores the normal left-hand censoring.
It was also found that bias may occur when Weibull distribution is applied to survival time by parametric maximum likelihood method.
Approach to estimating basic survival function by nonparametric method after adjusting the effects of risk factors in a parametric way was considered effective
The LDH activity measurement reagent “ESPA LDH Liquid” (Nipro) based on the JSCC recommendation method was investigated.
In addition, we examined the relationship between the P to L method, which is currently adopted by many facilities and the relationship with JSCC compliant reagents of other companies.
As a result, “Espa LDH Liquid” was a reagent capable of maintaining its performance for a long period of time with good precision and accuracy.
In addition, differences in active values when based on the recommendation law of the P → L method were also recognized
Chinese medicine therapy after abdominal surgery in adults, in particular, buk dispersion for anastomosis stenosis, Okenchu-yu for intestinal obstruction, and supplementary water for postoperative bone metabolism disorders were mentioned.
BUKKKWATSING reduces transit disturbances by the hydromeric action of the component bukubu and the digestion and absorption of ginseng.
Daiken Nakayu promotes gastrointestinal movement from various aspects.
The supplement has an effect on postoperative digestion and absorption and metabolism improvement
Changes in the electrocardiogram over time were investigated for 29 patients with acute pulmonary embolism before onset to 1 month after onset.
Compared to the day of onset, QT extension was manifested in V1 and 2 after the following day.
QT extension was more pronounced in cases of high pulmonary arterial pressure.
It was suggested the usefulness of QT extension of right-hand chest induction in grasping the pathology of this disease
During pregnancy, liver and intestines were observed externally through the central abdominal wall.
Hernia repair during the neonatal period and a heart catheter was applied for heart noise at the age of 3.
Two pairs of bilateral paraspinal veins acted for return from the lower body, and these were thinner than the original two males.
In addition, diverticula formation between the right vein and right atrium, and the subaortic anonymous vein were confirmed by the above two methods.
I thought it was a complication to keep in mind when extracorporeal circulatory surgery of spice hernia repair
The case was an 18-year-old man who had AIDS with hemophilia A.
I was hospitalized due to the deterioration of liver dysfunction.
When outpatient HbS antibodies were positive, they were negative at the time of admission, and the development of hepatitis B was observed.
We thought that humoral immunity was also affected by the dysfunction of helper T cells, and HbV which had been hidden in the cell was reproliferated
In rats, quinoform was administered over 340 days using rats (CS) and low rats (CR) genetically sensitive to toxicity of quinoform and attempted to develop smon.
The CR survived three out of 12 males and 2 out of 9 females.
Of these surviving rats, three male CS and one male in the CR, observed severe symptoms of weakness with sluggish limb lifting and lowering
I experienced a case of dissociative aortic rumpling (female, 85 years old) of stanfold type A (De BAKEY type II), which showed a peculiar form.
The main complaint was dyspnea and chest pain and diagnosed sepsis in blood culture.
I was given an antibiotic, but he was in a sudden shock condition, heart and respiratory arrest and died.
I thought that this disease caused a shock condition associated with sepsis and a sudden increase in blood pressure that led to a rupture
Tumor explained the contents of Dr. J. Folkman's lecture on the concept of DORMANCY (TD) and the association between TD and angiogenesis.
As an example of Tumor Dronky in humans, breast cancer in which metastases appear after the primary resectomy was described.
In animal experimental models, tumors can be placed in an inactive state, that is, a dormant state by suppressing angiogenesis.
The contents of the lecture on the promising antangiogenic therapy in cancer treatment were explained
The efficacy and safety of imidapril hydrochloride (I) in the treatment of hypertension in patients with hemodialysis were examined in 10 hemodialysis patients.
I showed an effective antihypertensive effect with a decrease in ACE activity by administration.
By hemodialysis, about 50% and about 65% were removed from imidaprilat in 3 hours and 4 hours respectively.
It was about 7 months, but I was able to confirm the safety of I for the treatment of hypertension in hemodialysis patients
In 747 cases of single early-stage gastric cancer (m cancer: 404 cases, sm cancer: 343) removed from 1976 to 1994, clinical pathologically analyzed mainly cases of lymph node metastasis.
Currently the least invasive radical treatment is endoscopic gastric mucosectomy (EMR).
Laparoscopic local excision was performed in cases where EMR was difficult to cure.
Segmental gastrectomy without pyloroplasty was better in terms of postoperative QOL
The number of airborne bacteria and the number of bacteria attached to the floor and wall did not change significantly even before and after the renewal of the air conditioning equipment, and the cleanliness was good.
After the equipment update, the number of airborne dust (I) when unmanned was 100 in all classes.
The number of I and bacteria at the time of surgery did not change significantly before and after renewal.
In the number of ventilation times 20-30 times/hour, there was a problem with the exhaust capacity relative to the amount of dust
Computational modeling and theoretical analysis of dentin adhesion and adhesion mechanism were studied.
Using a computational model consisting of an interfacial layer model, it was suggested that the stress values are uneven along the interface, and it is important for investigating the fracture style of the interface, assuming tensile strength as the direction of stress applied.
By examining the average stress of the adhesive region and the size of the plastic deformation region, the mechanism was clarified based on the determination of the modulus of elasticity of the interfacial layer.
Model the impregnated layer structure of dentin resin and found the relationship between hardness and modulus
We examined whether grip strength can be an aging index.
In relation to the results of the grip force and subsequent mortality rates, the prognostic mortality rate was lower than that of the group with high grip strength.
Also, after 20 years, the relationship between the relative strength of the grip force was preserved enough even after 20 years.
The group with increased grip strength after 20 years had a lower mortality rate compared to the reduced group.
I received a fall injury during ski gliding and receiving right knee deformation and pain.
Lateral dislocation and valgus deformation were observed by visual examination, and patella dislocation and femoral distal epiphystereal dislocation were observed at X-P.
Osteozygosis was performed, and dislocation was subjected to lateral branch dissection and medial articular suture.
Range of motion training and strength strengthening training allowed the range of motion to be normal, discharged alone, but long-term follow-up is necessary
The antipyretic effect of the target component was screened using the influenza virus infection system in mice.
Among the 55 synamil compounds and related compounds that are considered to be contained in cinnamyl, 13 have strong antipyretic effects.
The antipyretic effect of kalane water against influenza infections was established.
The air turbine handpiece (A) and the micromotor handpiece for treatment and engineering were explained, and the development of new technologies in A.
The mass of A is about 30-70 g, and the rotation speed at no load is most often 30-40 × 104 rpm.
The miniaturization of A is deeply difficult to relate to rotational performance.
Sterilization measures, infection prevention, cooling effect, and noise countermeasures were also mentioned
The profile was centered on the recent topic of non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (S).
The evolution of S development was introduced. Then, the properties of drugs, pathways and characteristics were introduced, and classified into oral drugs, suppositories, injectable drugs, and transdermal absorbents were explained.
In addition, a selective cyclooxygenase 2 inhibitor as a recent S was described.
Finally, the effects of S. on malignancy-like malignancies were mentioned.
The usefulness of super acidic water for MRSA was investigated by hand washing staff in premature babies, neonatal ward, environmental survey and floor disinfection, and moku bath for inpatient patients.
Super acidic water was very useful as a disinfectant.
In an in-ward survey, MRSA was detected in many staff hands, patient surfaces, and floors.
Attempts were made to prevent MRSA adhesion to patients using super acidic water, but could not be prevented.
Kawasaki Medical University Thoracic Cardiovascular Surgery from July 1991 to December 1995 For 140 cases of abdominal aortic and obstructive atherosclerosis, postoperative fever, inflammation, leukocytes, bleeding dose, surgery time, presence of blood transfusion, Changes in graft caliber and presence of patency were investigated.
Compared to non-covered materials, postoperative fever and inflammation were more prolonged and relapsed. However, it responded well to anti-inflammatory agents, good patency, and no complications.
If you keep the above in mind, it is considered good to use it.
The occurrence of methyl methacrylate (I) during bone cement mixing was compared with the normal method and the use of cement mixer.
In the normal law, I was occurring for 6 minutes.
When using a vacuum mixer, gas generation during mixing is suppressed, but I occurs when the cement is removed.
We thought it was necessary to take measures such as the use of an aspirator when opening the lid and double wearing a mask.
The approach of thoracoscopic surgery to the foci is very different from that of open thoracic surgery, and the instruments used differ.
In order to carry out thoracoscopic surgery safely, indirect care nurses maintain their position, observe TV monitors and quickly prepare necessary instruments.
Direct care nurses take care of accurate understanding of surgical operations and smooth delivery of instruments by video training.
It is necessary to keep in mind the response to intraoperative troubles and subsequent treatment.
We reported two cases of contractile pericarditis (CP) in which the human atrial natriuretic peptide preparation HANP (carperitide) played for postoperative low cardiac output syndrome (LOS).
Case 1 (17-year-old male) had prolonged cold symptoms and was diagnosed with CP from a recent doctor and transferred to hospital.
In case 2 (41 years old male), sobob-valve atresia was noted, but heart failure symptoms appeared, and CP was diagnosed by scrutiny.
HANP was given since both cases showed an increase in LOS and preload on the 1st day after pericarditectomy.
HANP administration noted reduction of preload, thoracic X-ray pulmonary blood, and a decrease in CTR from an early stage.
Patients with unexplained chest pain that developed after surgery, such as goiter, and patients with chest pain of unknown origin who seems to have developed after stress were reported.
Both effects were temporary in analgesics, antidepressants, and neuroblock therapy.
Therefore, along with the star nerve block, case 1 was Shibakoyu and Shuji Bushi end, and case 2 in the indoor clothes of the return bath, the symptoms were light.
The administration of herbal medicine should also be considered for chest pain of unknown origin.
The case is a 66-year-old male.
With dizziness and wobble sensation, the Mobitz II degree atrioventricular block of type II was found from Holter electrocardiogram, and was diagnosed with WPW syndrome of type C.
After DDD pacemaker implantation, ventricular excitation was observed both through the Kent bundle and by ventricular pacing.
The subjective symptoms such as dizziness and wobbling have disappeared.
Ultrasound examination (echo) is the most useful test method for benign and malignant identification such as parotioma. More than 90% of regular examination can be obtained when combined with echo subneedle puncture cytology.
Nuclear magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) is useful for estimating the internal structure of tumors, and the location of superficial and deep leaves is diagnosed by computed tomography (CT).
In addition, MRI and CT images show the relationship between swelling and periparotid tissue, and it is useful for investigating approaches at the time of surgery such as progenoma.
Features of echo, MRI, and CT images in the diagnosis of adenolymphoma (like waltinoma) and differential diagnosis of parotid nonepithelial tumors are explained.
The current situation and issues of pediatrics medical care consultation and developmental consultation at the public health center, and pediatric precision health examination at Shiga Prefectural Center for Pediatric Health
I thought it would be preferable to have a pediatric neurologist in charge of children who have many childhood neurological diseases.
In addition, there are many children who need developmental consultation for medical care consultation. It was conducted as a comprehensive consultation for children who need medical diagnosis or children who are difficult to respond in municipal development consultation.
In the future, cooperation in all prefectures centered on the children's health center is the cooperation of health, medical care, welfare, and education in communities centered on health centers.
The relationship between aging and gastric acid secretion was reevaluated in 157 healthy individuals.
However, in multiple regression analysis with the presence of H.Pylori infection (I) and the degree of gastric mucosal atrophy, acid secretion was positively correlated with age.
The acid-secretion capacity of I-negative, atrophic women increased with age, and acid secretion was low in I-positive and advanced atrophic cases.
It is necessary to reevaluate the relationship between aging and gastric acid secretion after taking into account the presence of I infection and the degree of atrophy of the gastric mucosa.
The adaptability of the edge element finite element method to ECT analysis was confirmed.
By using deformation potential, the division of the excitation coil was unnecessary, and the impedance change caused by the reaction magnetic field caused by eddy currents was analyzed.
The results of the benchmark calculation were well consistent with the calculated values.
In addition, computational capacity was reduced by using target and opposite symmetric conditions
The development and establishment of probabilistic methods related to strength evaluation, reliability analysis, and assurance testing of ceramics were introduced.
Evaluation methods for strength characteristics were introduced based on fracture mechanism, fracture toughness, crack growth, temperature dependence of fracture strength, and impact fracture strength.
The concept of strength evaluation of thermal stress, joint stress, contact stress, and collision stress as application to multiaxial stress and strength design was clarified.
Stated reliability assurance testing and application technology
In two-dimensional photoelasticity, the data obtained by the photoelastic method are the difference between the two dimensional principal stresses and the value of their direction.
In three-dimensional photoelasticity, in the case of transmission type, these values were mixed together and integrated data was obtained.
The problem when reorganizing the difference and direction values of the two-dimensional principal stress in the slice type is how to reduce the noise contained in the data.
Using a lock-in amplifier, noise can be expected to be significantly reduced.
We reported the difference and direction of two-dimensional principal stresses and their reorganization using a lock-in amplifier in a 2-beam slice type.
In the absence of safety standards for service robots, robots were operated for six months in accordance with the “Robot Safety Guidelines” at the Aichi World Expo.
This guideline is certainly the basis for robot safety standards to be formulated in the future.
Also, this guideline is useful for understanding machine safety.
The current window cleaning work is a manual method by a gondola worker and an automated cleaning device.
Some automated cleaning devices can be hung from the roof by means of cranes, but window cleaning is often done by hand.
In recent years, the number of ultra-large glazing windows has increased to small and medium-sized buildings, and an efficient and safe cleaning means suitable for these are required.
In response to this, we have developed a small and versatile stand-alone window cleaning robot.
The robot mechanism and autonomous driving system were introduced.
The outline of fuzzy control and neurocontrol was explained, and the expectation for future research in this field was explained.
We introduced the research and development of neural control, which is a learning control based on neural networks.
We proposed a machine (perceptron) that learns based on the learning rule of synaptic coupling, and the flow leading to error backpropagation method, which is a learning method for hierarchical neural networks.
In future intellectual control, it is important to design hybrid control systems that integrate various basic technologies such as fuzzy control, neural network, and genetic algorithms.
For benchmark problem of position control of 3 inertial system, design specifications and design ideas were compared with reference to the design example.
Features of design problems and design methods were exemplified through design examples.
An example of a loop shaping method using H∞ control theory and a design example using μ analysis and design were also explained.
Structure of two-degree of freedom control system and sliding mode control system, which is a robust nonlinear control system, were also shown.
For feature point extraction, a model image divided into an arbitrary number of non-overlapping blocks is used.
Each block is abstracted as a unique feature point labeled with spatial position and dominant saturation in HSV color space.
In order to reduce the search area of matching in dynamic environment, background removal method and skin color detection to detect only hands are used.
After hand detection of the input image, the area around the hand is searched.
With the increasing importance of the Internet as a lifeline, security threats caused by human attacks on the Internet have a major impact on social life.
This article introduced the research underway in the research theme “Research and development of basic technologies related to wide-area monitoring systems” as a countermeasure against the security threats of the upcoming ubiquitous society.
It consists of a traffic probe system, information collection system, analysis system, and operation system. Security operations and its purpose to facilitate rapid response from detection of anomalies The aim is to facilitate the exchange of information.
In addition, we explained the ultra-high-speed traffic probe system, which is Oki Electric's initiative.
Ubiquitous means “omnipresent like God.”
By 2010, the U-JAPAN initiative announced by the Ministry of Internal Affairs and Communications in 2004, the U-JAPAN policy was positioned in Japan's policy of utilizing IT to aim to realize a ubiquitous society by 2010.
Already at the entrance of a ubiquitous society, mobile phones have a penetration rate of more than 70% of the total population.
What kind of ubiquitous society will you meet in 2010 from the two points of “visualization” and “promotion of communication”, from national policy, infrastructure penetration rate, etc. I researched whether there is such a business prospect.
InteR-TOUCH is a company of Singapore's Docomo Group. As an ISP for hotels, 310 in 42 countries around the world Provide Internet connectivity services to clients of 4 and 5 star hotels.
In this report, we described the functions of a broadband network system known as IBIS (inter-Touth Billin system).
Customer support is available 24/7 per year in 5 languages and costs fall into room charges.
Internet connection equipment and facilities are owned and managed by inter turn, and expenses will be shared with the hotel.
This is an introduction to the basic research of three-dimensional display systems.
There is a stereoscopic feeling due to binocular information in the sense that the current TV can't handle.
As a method for realizing this, we tried to reconstruct the object surface from two television cameras using a neural network model that simulates the work of human neural networks.
Said that a large-scale parallel computer that actually performs processing can be put into practical use
The reason why compression/playback technology has recently been attracting attention and the current compression target of voice and sound signals.
Next, the technologies for compressing encoding information were described separately by image and audio, and the future of compression/playback technologies were outlined.
Information compression technology for images is performed by removing redundant parts (unwanted parts) in the signal and by utilizing human visual characteristics.
Example of typical image encoder
For this reason, we connected the offices by LAN-WAN-LAN, and provided services such as e-mail, electronic bulletin boards, and forums.
Indicates the menu of the service.
The characteristics of the system are self-led in the use sector, Cooperation service with business systems, Remote use, LAN/WAN deployment in the metropolitan area
For remote sensing image analysis, we proposed a pattern recognition method using a neural network (NN) and knowledge processing.
It is possible to obtain accurate recognition results even for data that does not follow a Gaussian distribution.
NN was used in the recognition part of the processing system, and knowledge processing was used in the correction part.
It was applied to the actual image data and verified its effectiveness
We introduced three papers on the problem of connected components of graphs and showed that parallel algorithms are huge systems.
Examples used to explain parallel algorithmic ideas in an easy-to-understand manner were introduced.
This dispensing pharmacy system is a personal computer LAN system based on lightweight coaxial cable.
The key to building a system consists in reducing patient wait time, a system useful for pharmacists, scalability, and support.
The effects and future prospects after the introduction were mentioned.
Application of business package software
In addition, a client-server system based on the K Series business server was constructed.
As a result, the system was integrated while making effective use of existing PC assets.
showed the use of PC as a client
Based on circuit technology using multi-input threshold operator neuron MOS (ν MOS), we developed “associative hardware” to recognize and understand events in real time.
In other words, we developed an analog EEPROM cell technology to store analog events in high density, and a fast detection circuit for motion vectors of 2D images, real-time tracking of center of gravity The circuit etc. was realized using ν MOS.
The operating principle of each basic hardware, circuit structure, measurement results, etc.
ν MOS technology combines the flexibility of analog processing with the rigor of digital processing
Basic ideas and examples of approaches aimed at merging art and engineering were discussed.
It is necessary to incorporate emotion and sensibility information in communication in image and voice processing.
For this reason, artists participated and thought about approaching problems from the art side, and collaborated with artists.
The main result is an interactive environment that creates a virtual environment according to communication, Kansei agent that recognizes eight emotions such as emotions and emotions contained in speech and changes facial expressions accordingly, Virtual Kabuki was developed to transform facial expression images into Kabuki actors by using technology to detect facial expressions in real time and reproduce them with three-dimensional facial models.
A texture based on an extended L system called TSL system (TSL system) defined as a combination of parametric, stochastic and MAP L systems The synthesis method was mentioned.
A description of the primitive and its spatial relationship was given from the perspective of TSL.
Local control in the TSL system was realized by changing the parameters of the rewrite production.
Some of the other related technologies were also shown.
For lossless compression of natural images, a region division encoding that effectively utilizes the local properties of the image is promising.
In this section, a method for dividing images into areas similar to statistical properties and coding methods to describe the regions were investigated as the previous stage of region division coding.
First, the initial region was generated by K-mean clustering, and the micro region was removed by comparing the color distance.
Next, regions were integrated by luminance averages and histogram comparison, and the microregions were removed and then encoded.
Simulation experiments were performed to confirm the effect of reducing entropy by region division.
The production line and the information system supporting it must be both front and back.
We examined the construction of an information system that flexibly responds to the modification of the production line.
In this book, we examined the improvement of quality and productivity of information system construction by domain analysis and modeling methods.
We proposed a method to introduce UML (Unified Modeling Language) and equality equation specification (specification describing constraints between calculation items and attributes) as domain model construction expression method.
In addition, an operation was defined to combine two object models including business rules and generate a new object model.
By applying a design and programming automation tool to the model obtained by such procedure, the program can be automatically generated.
In the long term, personnel and labor management of Japanese companies must be made into a system in which individual life can be used in the enterprise.
Long-term and strategic perspectives have become extremely important in the current human resource development department.
When considering prospects for solving problems, there are individual problems on one side and corporate problems on the other.
Making use of self-development is the key
The results of the survey on the subject conducted by the Japan Association of Technologists commissioned by the Science and Technology Policy Bureau of Science and Technology Agency
The survey items are 1) Technician's Trends (FY2014 Survey and Literature Survey), 2) Survey on Actual Conditions and Consciousness of Engineers (Questionnaire Survey for Individuals of Engineers).
The trends of technicians include changes in demand and supply volume, changes in demand structure, composition ratio by gender and occupation, employment trends by industry for graduates of science and technology, and trends in new graduates.
For the investigation of the actual situation and awareness of engineers, the company of work, major field and job description, working hours, treatment, job change experience, education and training inside and outside the workplace, and awareness of duties were investigated.
Based on these results, we grasped the average engineer image and examined the challenges and countermeasures related to training and securing engineers [1994.3]
This report focuses on job votes and recruitment cards as information provision medium in public vocational stabilizers. By experiments using cognitive psychology or cognitive engineering methods, this report focuses on “readability and discoverability” of the table design Through analysis, we examined “What is easy-to-understand job slip design” and “How do you make job votes easier to see?”
It is hoped that public vocational stabilizers always grasp users' needs and provide job search information effectively.
The items listed include: 1) Research Background, 2) Theoretical Study on Design Improvement, 3) Experimental Study on Design Improvement, 4) Explaining the Way of Effective Job Advertising Representation, 5) Summaries and Future Issues, etc. [19 94.6]
Sewage sludge biomass energy is attracting attention as a countermeasure against global warming.
Approximately 80% of sewage sludge is organic and has a high calorific value.
In order to recover energy from sewage sludge, there are two methods of digestion in which sewage sludge is fermented in anaerobic state, or by drying and carbonizing sewage sludge and using it as solid fuel.
The fuel system of the Japan Sewerage Agency optimizes conventional drying systems and carbonization systems for fuel production, and aims to increase the calorie content of the generated fuel while simultaneously improving fuel efficiency during operation.
In addition, in the biomass solid fueling business, it is important to optimize the energy balance of the business as a whole and implement the efficiency of comprehensive energy use.
Energy extraction method from sewage sludge and sewage sludge biomass solid fueling were mentioned.
Huis Ten Bosch Co., Ltd. aims to be a completely new environmental future city that protects the natural environment and maintains a comfortable living space.
This system can be used as fertilizer for trees, green spaces, and flower beds in about 4 weeks by adding horse shashiki straw and aerobic ferment bacteria to raw waste (approx. 3 tons/day) to ferment at high temperature and high speed.
The amount of A heavy oil used decreased to 34 kL in 1995 and 19kL in 1996 compared to 1994 (104kL).
Likewise, the emission index of carbon dioxide, sulfur oxides, and nitrogen oxides decreased from 100 to 63.
The development history of Krypton broadband detectors performed at the High-Level Radioactive Materials Research Facility (CPF), basic characteristics, performance verification tests, and exhaust monitoring results were reported.
In Chapter 2, the outline of the exhaust management system and Krypton monitor were explained as an overview of the emission monitoring exhaust management system in CPF.
The third chapter describes the testing and evaluation of Krypton broadband detectors.
Chapter 4 concluded that the measurement results of Krypton broadband detectors are reasonable.
[2004.7]
As part of the scientific research on geological disposal technology of high-level radioactive waste, captions were analyzed for the purpose of setting boundary conditions for groundwater flow analysis to evaluate groundwater flow characteristics.
The analysis was performed reflecting the results of the survey from step 1 of the first step of the ultra-deep geological research plan.
The overview of topography and geology, modeling and analysis areas, modeling and analysis procedures, groundwater flow analysis, and explained in chapters 2 to 5.
The results of the study were summarized in Chapter 6.
[2005. 5]
Imaging plates have 100 to 1000 times the sensitivity of X-ray films, and positional resolution are also good.
The radiation distribution pattern of the contaminated surface can be learned.
If the luminous body thickness is about 40 μm and the protective film thickness of about 3 μm, the sensitivity to beta rays will be lower, which is advantageous for measuring α-rays
In the demonstration reactor No. 1, important items were examined as a common electric power research and reflected them in the design.
The effective multiplier and growth ratio were explained for basic reactor constants.
For nuclear characterization methods, the adoption of homogenous models, correction of non-homogeneity effects, and prediction error were described.
We also introduced the nuclear characteristics of the demonstration reactor
The technical trends of high-efficiency electric motors mainly on induction motors were mentioned.
The JIS standard of induction motor with less loss and efficiency is 1 -5% higher than the previous one, and the characterization method by real load was specified.
It is also recommended to use in the energy-saving method.
When applying to fluid loads such as pumps or blowers, power may increase if you do not pay attention to how to select the operating point.
Note that the starting current will also be large.
We introduced an engine capable of projecting a 62 inch screen with a projection distance of 20 cm or less by hybrid optics with an aspheric mirror and a refractive lens, and an ultra-thin rear-projection TV prototype using it.
In optics with a large minimum angle of view and a smaller effective angle of view range, we found that the image surface curvature can be reduced by a simple optical system configuration regardless of the conventional Petzbar sum conditions. realised.
Based on these design guidelines, the DLPTM engine and TV were prototyped.
The distance to the screen was 125 mm, the maximum half-view angle reached 80 degrees, the screen distortion 0.4% or less, and the contrast 3000:1 was achieved, and the depth of the TV was 26cm.
Lighting system design for image display by LCD, from laptop computers to mobile phones, finds many design indicators in simulation results by ray tracking, and leverages conventional optical design technology It can be called a field of design technology.
This kind of design area is called “display optics design”.
However, in order to classify, some degree of generality and commonality must be found.
Certainly, in the optical structure of these devices, there are features that are not found in other lighting systems in common.
In this paper, the basics and features of such display optical system design are described based on lighting system design.
Prospects for MEMS (microelectromechanical systems) research in Singapore were stated.
In the past few years, due to considerable financial support from the government, a large MEMS research plan has been set up.
The micromachine center in the NTU (NHA) is contributing to research and manpower training.
A comprehensive MEMS research and education plan was conducted at NTU, facilitating the increase of MEMS workers.
In addition, SMEs and multinational companies are being established as new companies.
In line with the efforts of the government to promote nanotechnology and bio-engineering, technologies developed for the production of MEMS are useful for nano-biodevices and systems.
The history from the birth of a large video system using full-color LED (FCLED) to today, and its latest trends were described.
The development of high-brightness blue LED devices by Nichia was the foundation to create a large video system using FCLED. In 1995, a full-fledged FCLED large video appeared in front of Shibuya Station, Tokyo.
In recent years, the broadcasting industry has installed large FCLED video outdoors in the new company building as the face of broadcasters.
In addition, FCLED large images are used at racetracks, racetracks, and Expo Aichi. FCLED large image technology has steadily evolved, and its market is expanding.
Therefore, Sn-Zn solder with a low melting point is attracting attention.
This research investigates one of the problems when Sn-Zn solder is used for reflow soldering.
This solder has a problem of strength deterioration due to the reaction of Au plating electrode and Zn.
In this report, we investigated the reaction of Au and Zn and the relationship between Au plating thickness and junction strength.
As a result, the bonding strength decreases when Au plating is thick, 2) when left in wet conditions, the bonding strength is significantly reduced regardless of the plating thickness.
Preparation of two-dimensional arrays of fine particles was explained.
An optical method for observing the filling state of fine particles was also introduced.
In addition, applied research for anti-reflection films, micro lens arrays, mold agents, and microprocessing masks were also introduced.
In recent PCB mounting, not only miniaturization of components and narrower pitch, but also three-dimensional mounting has been performed.
This paper introduced Fuji Machine Mfg's modular high-speed multifunctional mounting machine “NXT”, which responds to such demands.
NXT has been improving the feed accuracy of tape feeders, 2) improving position recognition accuracy, 3) reducing component loading, 4) optimization of descending profile, and 5) reducing sliding resistance.
In addition, it supports three-dimensional implementation of PoP (pakke-on Pakage).
To support advanced services and functions, improve communication quality and basic performance, and improve competitiveness, DOCOMO uses mobile devices to control communication with wireless access networks and core networks. We have developed protocol stack software (PSS).
This paper describes examples of advanced services and functions that can be made possible with this PSS, and improvement of communication quality and basic performance.
In other words, advanced services and functions are described in priority connection processing for emergency calls, audio and video switching processing during communication, and access control that does not depend on circuit switching/packet switching.
For improvement of communication quality and basic performance, improvement of outgoing and incoming call completion rate and battery saving performance are described.
This software is becoming a common platform for forma terminals developed by mobile terminal suppliers.
The requirements for network management systems under next-generation networks were discussed and some solutions provided by NEC were introduced.
In the future of IP/IMS (IP Multimedia Subsystem), telecom operator networks will change significantly.
In order to provide useful services on open networks, advanced functions are required for network management that directly link to the decision of telecom operator business management.
These include business management support and customer care services, as well as maintaining traditional requirements for efficient operator management.
A generator that obtained power by vibration of a mobile body for portable information equipment was studied.
The efficiency of this vibration generator depends on the relative speed between coil and magnet.
We investigated a method of obtaining large rotational motion from micro vibrations by using self-excited vibration, which is a nonlinear vibration of a rotating body.
It was possible to maintain self-excitation rotation and maximum efficiency at frequency 1-2.5Hz, coil turn 3000-7000.
The power generation was 380 microwatts.
Compared to the shaking, the power generation is 40 times higher.
In order to reduce the operating voltage and stabilize the emission current, an electric field emitter array with integrated poly-Si thin-film transistor (TFT) was fabricated.
By optimizing the TFT structure for electric field emission silicon control, especially for the reduction of high withstand voltage and off-current, we realized full control of the emission current by the built-in TFT.
In addition, by covering the Si release tip with hafnium carbide (HfC), its release characteristics and release life were improved.
In addition, the operating voltage could be lowered from 50 V to 15V.
Stabilization by TFT control is very effective and obtained 0.1 emission fluctuations.
In addition, tubeless vacuum encapsulation was newly developed for display applications.
With the digitization of the FPU system, remote control and monitoring of FPU alone and digital peripherals became much more complex than before.
In order to respond to the complexity, we introduced an overview of the FPU remote control device for NHK that has been developed and commercialized.
The FPU local operation board installed on the base station has functions to control and monitor each device and transmit data with the FPU remote operation board on the broadcast hall side.
The power control board installed on the base station side and the broadcasting hall side has the function of controlling the power supply of up to four transmitters and receivers in one unit.
A superconducting single-phase unwinding transformer with auxiliary winding for shunt winding was prototyped.
Since the FRP cylinder was inserted between the series winding and the shunt winding, it was confirmed that the quenching occurs with only the shunt winding.
The operation of the transformer at steady-state and system failure was confirmed.
Shunting to auxiliary windings at steady state was as small as 5.2%
The influence of D and q-axis rotor equipment constants on asynchronous torque characteristics when driven by square wave and pWM inverter were investigated.
It was confirmed that it is a useful method for uniformly analyzing the characteristics of driving at the power supply voltage of any waveform.
The rating of the trial motor is 3 phase, 4 pole, 10HP, 220 V, 60 Hz.
The slip-torque characteristics of the reactance change were shown, and the relationship between the Gerges phenomenon was demonstrated
Horizontal snakes or longitudinal snakes are adopted from the cable occupied space plane, and the snake pitch and width were determined from the actual performance.
Horizontal snake was applied in sloped sinus road, and full-length snake cloth was applied for vertical sinus road.
Install a restrained cleat for self weight grasping
We introduced a floor clock that uses LED as a light source and displays the clock by the collected light.
Construction of floor clock, electricity supply, construction precautions, lifespan of materials, and future issues were discussed.
As a new product, LED and artificial marble are integrated.
As an application issue, evacuation and guidance display using the floor surface for disaster prevention
In order to improve the starting characteristics of the submersible motor pump for pumping, we developed a variable reactor starter that can change the power supply voltage to three stages, and a comparison experiment was conducted with direct input start.
Since the voltage can be increased sequentially while the motor is connected to the power source, the acceleration characteristics are also smooth and there is less shock when starting.
In addition, starting current and starting power can be reduced compared to direct input start.
Starter can be started as a non-inductive circuit
The limiters were prototyped with 6 superconducting wire without stabilized copper and 7m stranded wire of 1 CuNi center wire in one layer winding.
Multiple transformers were combined to construct a current-carrying circuit with a high-current sudden short-circuit current, and the limited flow operation was investigated experimentally.
As the current rise rate increased, the limit start current value increased.
We also investigated the progress of the shunt of interwire current in the limiter winding before and after quenching
One of the most difficult technical issues in the production of three-dimensional computers is the electrical connection in the laminated (Z) direction.
On the other hand, the distance between wafers cannot be reduced due to the need for cooling.
As a result, the length/diameter ratio of Z-wiring conductors increases, and it becomes difficult to maintain stability at the time of conductor formation.
In this study, one solder bridge was used as a basic model and observed its formation process [1994.3]
The marking equipment consists of flue gas desulfurization, flue desulfurization, general drainage, ash treatment, charcoal, and coal bay acceptance.
An integrated system of these controllers is now introduced.
The integrated system provides information on all facilities in one unit. Comprehensive management of abnormalities of equipment is possible, and the burden of management is reduced, and costs are reduced.
The power supply directly supplies AC100 and DC100 to the critical control unit
We developed a prototype of high-resolution see-through color HMD and a product to be used for research on artificial reality.
It was not only used as a goggle function, but also has a see-through function.
Features of this see-through function, display image, adjustment mechanism, etc., and design considerations were described.
Also introduced specifications, performance, resolution, etc.
The Ministry of Postal Service announced annually and gave an overview of the 23rd white paper.
First, the current situation of information communication and the trend of information communication policy was examined, and economic analysis related to information communication, and the trend of telecommunications liberalization in 1960 over the decade after telecommunications liberalization was analyzed.
In addition, the theme of “Multimedia and Transformation of the Information Communication Market” has passed 10 years since the introduction of the competitive principle in the information and communication market, and the information communication market has reached a major turning point, the current trend of the government. It was introduced from three aspects of the user and the information communication industry.
Furthermore, we analyzed the U.S. information and communication market as an example. Finally, we clarified the challenges for the transformation of the Japanese information and communication market and the information and communication policies that contribute to it
The main text is an introduction to the integration work of exhaust equipment, which was traditionally used in semiconductor factories.
The main purpose is to support the expansion of production facilities and to improve the utilization rate of existing equipment.
After integration, only the exhaust of the epi growth device passes through the hCL scrubber, and the others flow directly into the newly established suction chamber.
The epi scrubber in the final stage releases exhaust into the atmosphere.
Concentration is less than 2ppm detection limit and meets environmental standards
The main text is an explanation of the marking problem.
In this text, the definitions of terms such as ESD (electrostatic discharge) were explained.
Next, IC fracture and charging pathways were classified, and the table shows that 35 kV charging occurs in the human body.
Conductive table mats, floor mats, and wrist straps were listed as countermeasures. The capacitance of the human body was also shown in the table.
For the wrist strap worn by the worker, the time change of electrostatic voltage is shown in a graph
The characteristics and application of diamonds as heat sinks were described.
The thermal conductivity, thermal expansion coefficient, and electrical properties of the diamond were compared to the outside material.
High-purity diamond synthesis is necessary for heat sinks. Considering a large area and low cost, gas-phase diamond is suitable.
We outlined the current status and future of diamonds as heat sinks for optical communication and devices
The amplifier, which was developed as part of the 70th anniversary of Lux, received a high reputation in prominent audio magazines, including the gold award of the Best Stereo Compo Grand Prix of Radio Technology magazine.
The planning intention of this unit, the circumstances until it was decided to 500 W/8Ω specifications by BTL method, etc.
The advantages of balanced transmission, input circuits and attenuators were explained, and the characteristics of twin hybrid diamond buffer circuits with FET as the first stage were described.
In addition, a balanced amplifier circuit named balanced CSSC (complementary type single stagger circuit) that drives the speaker with BTL, the mechanism of multiple current feedback called odbeta (optimized dual NFC) applied to the balance csSC I explained.
Adoption of custom parts such as copper foil styrene capacitors with copper tube, high inertia power supply, power supply method of BTL output stage, etc.
The opening of the manufacturing technology was explained.
The system outline of excimer laser, carbon dioxide laser, Nd:YAG laser and the characteristics of processing accuracy were explained.
The shape, process, quality, application cases and problems of build-up viers with moderate taper by laser were discussed.
We introduced chemical etching methods such as puncture by light, alkali and acid using photosensitive resin
The first heat dissipation plate is provided on one side of the chip and the second on the other side.
The second heat dissipation plate is joined to the mold on the chip surface side.
Joining is carried out by crimping when cutting the outer lead of the frame.
This prevents the package from warping without increasing the number of assembly steps and increases the heat dissipation effect
We proposed a new form of image sensor that arranges correlation detectors between incident light and electrical signals in two dimensions.
Features of this structure are: 1) photodiode detector that converts incident photons into optical current (multiplier), 2) external electrical signal input (multiplier) common to all pixels, 3) current-mode multiplier that generates the product of optical current and electrical signal , 4) Capacitors that integrate product current and accumulate correlation results, 5) CCD or MOS switch circuits that scan correlation results as normal video signals.
Several possible structures and circuits were proposed and verified.
We also examined the application of this sensor
Focusing on the possibility of a large-screen wall-mounted TV, the marking technique using PDP was explained.
The memory function of PDP, which is a basic premise for TV display, was explained first.
Then, the principle of display and the DC type and AC type display method were explained as a television display method.
Furthermore, after explaining from the angle of the display system, the image degradation and its countermeasures were explained.
The evaluation device for input sudden change characteristics of the on-board power supply for communication, such as a DC-DC converter mounted on an electronic circuit board in a communication frame, was described.
The input sudden change characterization device was constructed to simulate the voltage fluctuations generated when the fuse is inserted.
The actual input abrupt voltage waveform was created into a database and output it to a DC amplifier through a DC converter to enable input sudden change of arbitrary waveform.
It was confirmed that the operation confirmed by applying a sinusoidal half-period to the on-board power supply to achieve the desired operation.
We developed a high-speed vacuum circuit breaker that shortens the duration of instantaneous voltage drop to one cycle in order to eliminate short-circuit accidents in the power system.
This vacuum circuit breaker incorporates a high-speed shut-off mechanism by electromagnetic repulsion coil on the vacuum valve operating shaft and a pull-off coil.
The detection time was 4 ms.
In the analysis, we were able to recover up to 96 percent of the bus voltage drop accident by 60%.
Introduced the marketed quartz products developed by Kinseki Co., Ltd.
The development background of the new product CX-16F was explained from the standardization of geometrical and cost specifications.
This product is a small, thin, and low-cost product of surface mount leadless type, and showed its external dimensions and internal structure.
Determination of standard frequency of the same product, load capacity, and reflosoldering conditions were described.
Metastable RZ nonlinear pulses that propagate transmission paths that alternately connect optical fibers with positive and negative group speed dispersions are called distributed managed solitons, dispersed allocated solitons, or stretch pulses.
These nonlinear pulses may have better transmission characteristics than ordinary optical solitons in fibers with more dispersibility than uniform in transmission direction.
To clarify the characteristics of stretch pulses in transmission lines where the sign of group speed dispersion is reversed periodically, and for numerical simulation of long-distance propagation characteristics of stretch pulses in practical transmission lines revealed.
The model was analyzed using the transmission path where the anomalous distributed fiber and the normally distributed fiber were alternately connected to the same length.
We introduced an overview of digital satellite broadcasting technology and outlined the current status of digital satellite broadcasting in other countries.
In the digital satellite broadcasting technology, information encoding for information compression, multiplexing of services, satellite transmission methods, limited reception such as scrambling, and SeriVICE Inframation were explained.
These technologies enable multi-channel broadcasting, subscription contracts for paid broadcasts, classification of program tables, transmission of contact emails for all and individuals, and programs that participate by viewers using two-way functions.
The Eurocopter EC120B is a 5-seater light single turbine helicopter jointly developed by three companies in France, Germany, and China.
The onboard engine is an arrius2F turbo-shaft engine manufactured by Turbo-Mechaa (France).
In this text, the outline of this engine was introduced in the following sections.
1) General (free turbine system, 376kW/504SHP/6000RPM, 103kg, Reduction gearbox, Gas generator, Power turbine, Exhaust pipe), 2) Structure (Reduction gearbox, Gas generator) , 3) Oil system, 4) Air system, 5) Fuel system, 6) Control system, 7) Indication system, 8) Engine mount.
The petrol engine shipped 6173000 units, almost the same as the previous year.
The share of private, OEMs, and individual exports are 38.0%, 37.7% and 232.2% respectively.
In terms of quantity, for domestic, almost the previous year, exports are growing as single exports, and private use and OEMs are decreasing.
Shipments of gasoline engines to the Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries Machinery Division accounted for a 54.3% share of 335000 units
In cooling by temperature control, cold drafts are easy to grow, and coolin oyndroom such as heat shock at the time of entry and exit is a problem.
This can be avoided if the temperature setting is higher than before.
The method to compensate for the comfort impaired by increasing the temperature setting is to control and use thermal environment elements other than temperature.
In other words, three methods can be considered: radiation panel cooling, active use of sensed airflow, and reduction of humidity.
Here we report on subject experiments conducted in the summer of 1991 and 1992 with varying humidity settings
Aldehydes in automobile emissions were analyzed by HPLC (high performance liquid chromatography) method using acetonitrile solution dissolved DNPH (2,4-dinitrophenylhydrazine).
Here, the reproducibility, calibration curve, detection limit, and change over time were introduced.
The result is a repeatability of 0.3-0.9% relative standard deviation (10 iterative analyses), calibration calibration with correlation coefficient 1 (test standard materials with six acetonitrile dilution solutions), 0.0018 μG/mL Formaldehyde detection limit，High accuracy was obtained.
Also, although there was no change over time in the standard materials, the emissions have changed over time, so analysis after sampling should be carried out promptly
The AR (ACTIVATED RADICAL) combustion engine is an engine that improves conventional combustion by utilizing activated free radicals.
AR combustion technology is a combustion technology that actively utilizes the self-ignition phenomenon.
Self-ignition timing is controlled by a control valve in the exhaust port.
The tuf-up tube is a new structure tire tube for motorcycles with excellent puncture prevention capability.
The tube is a double structure of the air chamber and the liquid chamber, and the liquid chamber contains puncture-proof liquid at the manufacturing stage.
The liquid chamber is independent of each other, and the liquid chamber covers the area on the ground side of the tire
Experiments using ultra-micro cutting equipment and cutting simulations by atomic models are reported.
The cutting experiment was carried out with a device with air and hydrostatic pressure spindles using a diamond tool.
The Mohs potential and nominal cut thickness between atoms are described in the ultrafine cutting simulation, and the analysis results are shown.
Conclusion Cutting edge wear is Al> copper, minimum cutting thickness Al: Copper is not much different
As a result of the test drive on the marked motorcycle, the rotation in the low speed range was stable because the low speed torque was large, and the sense of acceleration in the high rev range was excellent.
The straight-forward stability when driving on the highway was firm.
Cornering was smooth, reliable and stable.
The fuel consumption rate for the entire test course was 18.7 km/l, equivalent to a multi-cylinder water-cooled engine of the same class.
I also showed the main sources
Because existing wheel lathes are more efficient compared to conventional existing wheel milling machines, the main purpose was to move from post-cutting positive to planned center.
This lathe has a digital data system (DDS) device that stores data about wheel profile and wheel shape.
These data can be analyzed by a computer by converting the data by conversion program.
The results of the analysis of Urawa Train Station
The 5-axis control machining center is effective for machining molds, impellers, and various blades with complex three-dimensional surfaces.
First, we clarified the difference between 3-axis machining and 5-axis machining, and pointed out the problem of 3-axis machining.
It was shown that 5-axis machining can solve the problem and increase the processing efficiency.
I explained that the point of using a 5-axis machine well lies in the good use of post processors and interference checking systems
The marking 900SE2.0 turbo is equipped with a high-pressure or low-pressure turbo.
In the case of high-pressure turbo, the power performance of the winding up and down makes the long wheelbase body run lightly.
There is a feeling of stickiness of the suspension along with the direct feeling of power steering.
In other words, it matches sharp maneuverability and stickiness well.
Low-rpm characteristics of low-pressure turbo engines are effective for urban driving
This unit was built for deep-sea observation and research to the deepest part of the ocean at 11,000 meters.
In March 1995, they landed at the deepest part of the Mariana Trench 10,1911 m and demonstrated the initial performance.
Towing survey and self-navigation survey are possible. It has features such as TV camera shooting, manipulator operation, acoustic positioning, etc.
The system of this unit, launcher configuration, maneuver, cable structure, etc.
The flow characteristics and characteristics of the equipment were outlined for a device that performs dry grinding and classification of fine powder particles using an air jet.
The target crusher is called a jet mill, which is blown tangentially from multiple nozzles on the circumference of a cylindrical container, accelerates particles by high-speed jets, and pulverizes particles by collisions between particles and wall collisions of particles.
Some mills have a separate impact plate to increase the impact force.
Classifier using jets, such as virtual impactors and elbow jets, are simple in structure and can handle large amounts of highly adherent particles
We summarized the trend of cameras and lenses released in 1996.
However, the characteristics of APS are not yet sufficient from the sensing material side, and we expect the expansion trend in the future.
With regard to lenses, the popularity of high-magnification AF zoom lenses became noticeable.
Designing and compacting cameras are still in progress
The head-mounted display (HMD), which is a visual video presenting device, is capable of stereoscopic vision.
The concept of eye-tracking type HMD consisting of wide-field video display, high-resolution video display, gaze detection sensor, and display position controller were proposed.
The system was prototyped to embody gaze tracking type HMD.
showed optics.
Evaluation experiments on the presentation of high-resolution video were conducted.
The issue was to reduce noise in the car of railroad vehicles.
The marking structure reduces the radiant sound of the floorboard with sound-absorbing effect at the floor reception, and elastic support of the floorboard with a special anti-vibration rubber to reduce vibration transmission to the floorboard.
The development policy of this structure is that the material is non-flammable and has no weight addition, low cost, etc.
Furthermore, it was assumed that conventional in-floor ducts and other components could be installed.
In drilling stainless steel, especially the chip treatment is often the cause of trouble.
Here, we introduced the “Magic Drill”, a KYOCERA throw-away drill, and the cutting performance of the breaker developed for stainless steel attached to it.
The drill has two corners of the outer and inner blades in the same chip.
Examples of processing and cutting conditions, including swarf treatment, were explained.
Introduces Active Stability Control and Electric Power Steering developed by GM's subsidiary Delphi Automotive.
This is a system that electronically controls everything.
The former is a system that monitors the movement of the front two and four wheels, respectively, and controls the braking force in the front two and four wheels, respectively.
As a result of the test drive of both systems, we experienced good driving performance and loss.
The fine data creates a path that makes use of the high-speed rotation of the aerostatic spindle and the good run-out accuracy.
Here, the company's experience and achievements of high-speed milling and CAM systems were described.
The materials are widely used in iron and steel materials, aluminum, copper alloys, wood, and resins of non-ferrous metals.
He explained that using tools of 0.1 to 6 mm diameter for these materials, we are researching suitable cutting conditions and tool paths.
The SLR viewfinder directly observes the image on the shooting lens, so it can be observed as an upright image, and has excellent functions such as no parallax on the shooting screen.
The specification of the structure and optical system (field of view, eye point, diopter, magnification) was explained.
Mechanisms and effects of various parts of optical systems such as movable mirrors, focusing screens, fresnel lenses, matte surfaces, and pentaprisms were explained.
I also touched diopter correction mechanism and gaze detection and exchange finder.
The operation of the website of the architectural office was mentioned.
To make the website work well as a sales tool, it is good to use a blog.
Impress with the name of the blog and make sure to update it to invite access and direct it to the homepage.
The content of the blog should always be equipped with a topical topic, and the completed photos must be of good quality.
You can also have multiple blogs.
Introduced the security card renewal work of Hokkoku Shimbun.
The security card of the existing security system has been updated to the high-performance IC card system so that it can be used in other systems (employee cafeteria system).
Read the card information with the built-in IC chip to the contactless card reader, refer to the prescribed registration information, and unlock the electric lock and mailbox door.
The IC card is a hybrid type that uses MIFARE (Philips Development) for contact/non-contact use.
Myanmar is a multiethnic nation composed of 135 people, with a population of 52 million people living in about 1.8 times the land area of Japan.
About 70% of the population is composed of Burmese people, and most of the people are Buddhists.
We introduced the history of port development and current outports situation, the origin, location, containerization and recent situation of Yangon Port.
Myanmar has delayed market economization compared to Laos, Cambodia and Vietnam, which are said to be the least ASEAN 4 countries with their own country. GDP per capita is at least $180, but the plains are 70% There are natural resources, and labor costs are extremely inexpensive, so if political problems are resolved, it is expected to develop significantly.
Introduced disaster prevention measures for clean rooms.
For fire measures in clean rooms, many semiconductor factories do not have sprinklers installed even if fire alarms are installed.
This is because when the sprinkler is in operation, the production equipment will be submerged and the operation will be stopped.
On the other hand, there is a system that detects fires before the situation becomes more serious.
The “ultra-sensitive smoke detection system” installed in the return area of a clean room is approximately 2000 times the sensitivity of general fire alarm devices.
On the other hand, unique technologies such as Kashima's “Multi-storey Seismic Isolation Factory”, Taisei's “mIC Seismic Isolation System”, and “Viscus Seismic Isolation” by Takenaka Corporation are provided.
In the midst of the aging of road bridge stock, supporting technologies for inspecting, diagnosing and predicting deterioration of bridges are developed, and supporting technologies to efficiently and systematically maintain bridges by utilizing these technologies are required.
In fiscal 2006, we predicted the degree of damage of members based on the periodic inspection data of bridges up to the previous fiscal year, and a calculation program was created that can calculate future repair costs according to the scenario of repair reinforcement.
In addition, we estimated the future change of repair costs when a scenario of repair reinforcement measures was given using bridge inspection data in the directly controlled national highway office, and the effect of various conditions and factors on future prediction was investigated.
In addition, a schematic evaluation method for fatigue durability based on traffic and structural conditions for each bridge was examined for welded joints of steel I-girder bridges.
The caption construction method is first subjected to press-fitting pipes that support the existing traffic road surface one by one horizontally, and both ends are received by a trestle consisting of RC foundation piles and beams.
Next, a new structure is built by drilling under the road surface.
To eliminate the gap between the bottom end of the pipe and the upper floor plate, jack up the concrete members of the upper floor plate and sidewall with a jack on the lower floor concrete.
The response of non-bonded granular pavement with a thin seal coat surface is subject to change in volume of the roadbed.
Swelling and shrinkage of the roadbed due to monotonous dry and wet repetitions were taken into account.
In numerical analysis, we adopted the thermal similarity law, which treats free swelling and shrinkage as similar to isotropic thermal expansion and contraction.
As a result of the analysis, we found that this numerical analysis method can explain well the response of pavement subject to change in volume of subbase [1995.2]
During the 14th Overseas Hospital Architecture Inspectorate and conducted hospital training in Southern Europe and the Netherlands, I reported a memo from the viewpoint of interior and furniture.
Many uses of stone materials are conspicuous and expensive marble is used abundantly and the unevenness of the surface produced by the sculpture makes the space richer.
A variety of paint is decorated in a gorgeous way.
The material of furniture is a lot of resin and metal, and the shape and color are abundant
The marking dam is a concrete gravity type of the embankment height of 21.7m and the summit length of 85.5 m for flood control, running water function maintenance, and multi-purpose use of water supply.
The water intake system adopted a porous branch discharge form.
The concrete installation of the embankment and the reducer was carried out by a 100t crawler crane.
Very fine particle cement was used for the consolidation grout for good results
The approach to the embodiment of the new line was introduced with episodes related to patent procedures.
A patent is a patent that the country gives iron orbit operators the right to manage the transportation business exclusively.
The history of patent acquisition consultations associated with the extension of the Osaka monorail line was described in the order of advance consultation, from application to transportation council, and then to patents.
For the caption monorail, the first section began construction, and the second term was applied for patent application in January 1997
In recent years, toilets have been recognized as a multipurpose space.
In the future building facilities plan, we organized awareness of toilets and their use behavior, and examined the relationship between each other.
In this report, the results of the questionnaire for students were compared with ordinary adults.
The survey items were divided into 8 groups such as distance to toilet, allowable waiting time, waiting time after waiting time, preferred form of toilet bowl, and request
A formulation with multiple natural vibration modes as a homologous vibration mode type was presented as a constant sign design.
Examples of homology design for natural vibration modes from lower order to secondary were shown.
Excitation force was applied to the structure obtained by design and time history analysis was performed.
It was found that it exhibits a vibration form close to the objective homogas vibration mode
In implementing new measures for the promotion of Yamamura from the fiscal year 2013, a survey has been conducted to facilitate the smooth promotion of concrete policies and related projects.
As part of this, we conducted a regional revitalization support survey that highly utilizes resources such as nature and agriculture, forestry and fishery products that exist in the region.
Here, we conducted a precise survey by experts in Ninohe City, Iwate Prefecture.
The research project was “Exchange Businesses Utilizing Regional Resources, High-added Value of Regional Specialties and Measures to Settlement of Young People” [1996.3]
This is an interim report on the regional promotion plan formulation survey commissioned by the Ministry of Trade, Trade and Industry's Resources and Energy Agency by the Chubu Industrial Activation Center.
After the National Route 361 connecting Inaya and Kisodani was approved as a high-standard road, we examined regional development measures aimed at expanding the exchange area and the promotion and creation of the regional industry.
3 towns and 8 villages in Kiso-gun, Nagano Prefecture were investigated as the target areas of investigation.
Its contents include: 1) Overview and Background of the Wide Area, 2) Basic Issues in the Wide Area: Promoting Settlement and Maintaining Vitality: Basic Issues of Local Areas, Development of Social Capital to Support Settlement and Exchange, Reconstruction of Local Economy, Reconstruction of Autonomy and New Areas Development of the mechanism of operation), 3) Issues in Kiso area: Theories (population problems, industrial problems, living environment, development impact of roads), 4) Direction of the Kiso wide area promotion initiative, consisting of [1996.3]
SBS (sickbill syndrome) was introduced with commentary.
This began to become a problem in the 1980s by residents of so-called energy-saving buildings in Europe and the United States with frequent complaints such as dizziness, nausea, headaches, and distortions of equilibrium, pain in the nose and throat, and upset.
In Japan, the word “new-built disease” began to be heard, and concentrations of volatile chemicals, dust and carbon dioxide gas etc. were investigated in relation to the indoor environment, especially in relation to the improvement of sealing and lack of ventilation.
I touched on investigation/analysis of symptoms and actual measurements of the indoor environment of a highly hermetic house
The Ministry intends to scale up these model businesses in fiscal 2006, and at the same time support local governments working to promote international resource circulation.
On the other hand, the Ministry of the Environment does not change the situation of importing and exporting waste containing hazardous substances as “second-hand goods”. Therefore, the Ministry of the Environment considers guidelines to identify second-hand goods and measures to ensure traceability is there.
In addition, when the prevention of environmental pollution is ensured, it is recognized that “facilitating import and export of recycled resources” is important. Furthermore, we are looking to build a “database of hazardous waste common to Asia”.
The efforts of the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry and the Ministry of the Environment aimed at optimizing resource circulation in Asia were reported.
Let's swell on global environmental research
I was a research officer at the Center for Global Environmental Research.
Questionnaire report on the 2nd Global Environmental Researcher Exchange Conference
Activity Report of Center for Global Environmental Research［1992.2］
A lower concentration of odor measurement method that cannot be measured by conventional sensory testing methods was examined, and the background was also mentioned.
The basis of the measurement method is the concentration of general environmental odor, and its concentration is measured by the current three-point comparison odour bag method.
The odor of the general environment was measured by this method.
This method is expected to create a map of odor concentration, its application to odor environmental assessment, and application to setting the target value of odour environment
We took the actual situation of oil and turbidity accident mainly on tanker accidents and their countermeasures.
In 1992, the world's transportation of crude oil was 1.3 billion t, and Japan's crude oil imports amounted to 210 million tons.
We introduced the recent major tanker oil and turbidity accidents.
International and Japanese initiatives against tanker accidents
Macomo was grown in a laboratory and water quality change in the rhizosphere was measured.
The temporal change of NH4-N concentration in rhizospheric gap water was measured at different locations, and the amount of N cumulative removal during the experimental period was obtained.
The cumulative amount of elimination is greater than the center of the rhizosphere.
The development of root hair was noticeable in the peripheral area, mainly due to plant absorption and nitrification.
From macomo's growth and component measurements, nitrification was estimated to be about 7070
Changes in living wastewater treatment technology and pollutant properties of living wastewater are described.
The principle of water treatment was divided into phase transition of pollutant, size of pollutant, and water treatment
Classification and types of biological treatment methods were divided into classification by reaction form of bacteria, classification by conservation form of microorganisms, and types of biological treatment methods.
Life wastewater treatment reflects the progress of technology by treatment technology and treatment principle and the social demands of the times
The technology developed by the Tokyo Metropolitan Industrial Technology Center to vaporize trichloroethylene (TCE) and detoxify it in silent discharge was described.
The used TCE is introduced into the reaction tank during the generation of silent discharge along with air, and the TCE is decomposed into carbon dioxide and hydrogen chloride by the action of the discharge and the ozone generated there.
The amount of ozone produced and the effect of discharge in nitrogen were described.
For concentrations of 260, 600 and 1.70,000 ppm of TCE, the decomposition rate was 10,99 and 72% under specific conditions.
Complete decomposition requires more than 8.5 ozone/TCE molar ratio
In order to reduce CO2 emissions associated with incineration of waste, a new incineration method was proposed to divide the incineration process into high-temperature pyrolysis and complete combustion of vapor phase products to fix a part of the carbon in the waste.
Since waste has a small apparent thermal conductivity, microwaves were used for auxiliary heating.
Small laboratory furnaces consisting of pyrolysis vessels, secondary combustion chambers, microwave introduction parts, and gas heating devices were fabricated, and paper waste was experimented as samples.
The results showed that CO2 emissions can be suppressed even if more than 50% of the containing carbon is fixed, and the CO2 emitted by the microwave power used for heating the sample and the CO2 emitted by city gas.
The atmospheric monitor system compounded with four semiconductor gas sensor elements has been improved to a portable type.
Semiconductor gas sensors have selectivity for hydrogen sulfide, sulfur compounds, ammonia, and general flammable gases.
We confirmed that each sensor responds almost linearly in the range of 20 to 90% RH and compensated for humidity.
A calibration curve of this system for the dilution of odor gases by clean air was created.
The odors were measured in a facility dealing with organic solvents and demonstrated the practicality of this system.
The molten masonry of sewage sludge is a series of techniques to reform sewage sludge slag into crystalline.
Molten masonry includes “ash molten masonry”, which is made from incinerated ash to masonry products, and “cake molten masonry”, which is directly made from dehydrated cake.
The form of the melting furnace was different, and the flowsheets of both processes were compared.
There are three types of masonry products: sand, gravel, and block, and have various civil engineering applications.
Masonry products have more than the same physicochemical properties as natural stone, and the gloss by polishing is the same as granite.
The results of the caption awareness survey of more than 14,000 stores were explained.
It was characterized by a decrease in profits due to increased competition, a decrease in income from entering a large gas station, expansion of extra-oil revenue, and a review of sales prices.
The results of the questionnaire for 16 items to improve the management of the refueling station were shown in percent.
In addition, the report of the Ministry of Trade and Industry and Resources and Energy Agency on the supply of petroleum products was “Freedom of Choice” and “Clarification of Trading Conditions” among operators were explained.
The aircraft took off runway 14 of Okegawa Honda Airport to the left for leisure flight.
The captain immediately tried to correct the aircraft in the runway direction, but in time and unable to rise, the left main leg came into contact with the runway light on the left side, and then sat in the riverbed field extending from the end of the runway to about 500 American riverbed and wrecked.
The aircraft had a captain and one passenger on board, but there were no casualties.
The cause is estimated to be due to inappropriate points in the operation of the captain.
The course of takeoff, destruction of aircraft, aircraft, weather, tests and research to certify facts and other certified facts and the reasons for certification were described.
Automation of business such as signal handling can be done by PRC, but it is necessary to input diamond data into the computer.
Therefore, in the construction of the PRC system in the future, the realization of functions to streamline the marking work becomes a challenge.
Here, we reported the pattern of marking work realized in JR Tokai.
In the PRC system for remote control of traffic lights, the diamond data was directly entered from the operation planning data system. Data such as replacement and construction were supplemented to improve efficiency.
Natural gas can be dissolved in crude oil and independent gas deposits, but its development and production technologies are integrated with the case of crude oil.
Recently, natural gas, which is said to be an unconventional type, has also been developed, but technically it is not necessary to distinguish it from the conventional type.
On the other hand, pipeline transportation and underground storage can be said to be broadly part of development and production technology.
This paper explains horizontal well drilling technology, natural gas production technology, transportation and storage
The scope of application of hydrogen absorption was clarified by the creation of appropriate anticorrosion potentials.
After that, the development of sacrificial anodes succeeded in increasing safety
We have developed a marking material that has the same high temperature properties as SCH21 and can also reduce cost.
The effects of additive elements on high temperature properties and material properties obtained during the development process were reported.
The relationship between oxidation resistance and Cr quantity was shown as an example of the effect of additive elements on high temperature properties.
In addition, the influence of each component on high temperature tensile strength was introduced.
Furthermore, we showed that the high temperature tensile strength of the developed material compared to SCH21 has the same properties
When drilling thin plates with ultra-high pressure gas, the fracture section is good, and there is a feature that does not cause any reclamation.
In order to evaluate the practicality, we examined whether the thickness of the processed metal sheet affects the drilling mechanism, dimensional accuracy, and gas pressure.
As a result, when the plate thickness is 0.6 mm or more, there was a curb.
Dimensional accuracy and whoever width were constant regardless of pressure, proportional to plate thickness, accuracy decreased inverse to hole diameter [195.1]
The method of changing the running plate thickness in a hot-rolled mill is performed by sequentially changing the pressure position and speed of each stand so that the mass flow balance is not disturbed.
In order to verify the possibility of changing the runway board thickness, we adopted a method to suppress mass flow fluctuations, verified by a simulator, a test system was constructed, and the actual machine test was performed.
As a result, it became possible to change the thickness of 400 μm within 1 s.
The results of the plane thickness change system and the actual machine test were described
Conventionally, active noise control has an application constraint due to the delay time of the processing system, but the delay time can be shortened if noise can be predicted by using the nature of the noise source.
In this report, we took a press machine that repeatedly generates noise with similar feature patterns and performed a silence simulation using three types of noise prediction methods.
The AR model yielded 20dB of volume with prediction in one step.
In addition, the prediction method of more than 2 steps was shown, and the step increase in the prediction and the change in the accuracy of the prediction was
Normally, two processes are required to join after forming a sintered body. However, if energized sintering is applied, sintering and joining can be achieved simultaneously.
Therefore, we studied the simultaneous sintering of the sintered material to the melted member by energizing sintering.
Melting of the base material at the junction significantly increases the joint strength.
It was clarified that materials with a low melting point such as aluminum alloys have high thermal conductivity, melting occurs at the junction and penetrates the sintered body to obtain high joint strength.
We adopted a method to push rubber and tube together axially with a pair of left and right cylinders, and a method to push rubber and tube separately in the axial direction with two pairs of cylinders on the left and right sides.
The effects of these methods on the forming of branch pipes were investigated.
Based on the results of the experiment, a device capable of holding the internal pressure of the rubber was prototype and experimented.
As a result, branch pipe height can be increased if the internal pressure of the rubber is properly set and controlled
As a simple method for estimating residual stress of weld members, we proposed a method to identify residual stress distribution from a small number of measured residual stress values.
After using X-ray nondestructive stress measurement method, the sample is cut and the stress distribution is estimated from the change data of strain gauge at a specific point.
Residual stresses on welding lines that are difficult to measure by X-ray method can be identified using strain gauge measurements away from the weld line.
Experiments of butt-welded joints of SUS316 stainless steel were verified
In order to control the circumferential shear deformation of the pipe material during mannesman drilling, plastic deformation when the plug is forced to rotate and the circumferential velocity of the plug surface was increased, was investigated using plastic.
As a result, the shear deformation in the circumferential direction decreases if the rotation speed is larger than when the plug rotates dependent by friction force.
However, if the rotational speed is too large, the reverse deformation will occur.
It was found that there is an optimal number of revolutions.
Also, the material was easy to extend in the circumferential direction, and the outer diameter became larger.
The formability of the spline rolling of cup-shaped material was analyzed using ABAQUUS, a general-purpose analysis software, and the effect of the external tool tooth shape on the deformation of the product was investigated.
In the rolling analysis model, the coulomb friction acted between the material and the tool, and the rotation direction of the inner and outer tools was constant in opposite directions.
Experimental results show that this rolling simulation model reproduces the deformation state.
In addition, increasing the outer diameter of the tool to increase the teeth was effective in formability.
With the advancement of personal computers and digital technologies, the electronic photography process has been widely applied not only to analog copiers but also to laser printers and fax machines.
Also, although monochrome was the mainstream until now, coloring has been progressing at a very momentum in recent years.
In addition, recently, the entry into the POD (PRINT-ON DEMAND) field has become one of the targets. Therefore, even higher image quality and acceleration are required with a view to the print area is there.
In this paper, we will first look at the electronic photographic process and toner, and then focus on CCA, which has a significant impact on charging properties, which is one of the most important properties of toner. I thought about.
Describes the cause of combustion failure in heavy oil combustion boilers.
Hazardous substances contained in heavy oil cause disability.
The residual carbon content becomes a hard sediment when heated, which causes strainer clogging and burner chips to get stuck.
Sulfur is caused by sulfuric acid corrosion in low temperature parts such as coal conburizers and air preheaters.
The ash is softened, melted and adhered to hot parts, causing corrosion.
In particular, vanadium creates a low-melting point compound when there are alkali metals and sulfur, which significantly corrodes the metal
We developed a marking software that optimizes operating conditions using manufacturing equipment such as chemical, pharmaceutical, food, steel, metal, and ceramic industries.
Statistical design of experiments, evolutionary optimization methods, empirical modeling methods, linear and nonlinear regression, data flitting by stair regression and interpolation methods, and response surface methods were used as basic technologies.
This software is inexpensive, simple, and quick.
In order to use, set purpose, collect data, select data, determine correlation equation, create a contour plot, operate under optimal operating conditions, and confirm the effect.
It can be carried out on WindOWS compatible PC with CPU of 133MHz or more and 32 MB of memory or more, and results are often produced in 2-3 hours.
The recovery and reuse system of DMSO (dimethyl sulfoxide) containing wastewater generated in the manufacturing process of liquid crystal display was introduced.
We have developed a biomembrane treatment method that can treat marked wastewater with ToC concentration of several hundred mg/liter under the analysis limit by pressing odors.
The results of the pilot plant were treated as raw water for pure water equipment to the reusable level.
Recovered water was available as raw water, no need to install a deodorizer, and it was possible to operate with odor strength 2.5 or less.
The use of freon used in foamed polyurethane foam (PUF) will be completely abolished in the future, and alternative freon will be used.
Note that some of the alternative freon are flammable.
Foamed PUF cans may burst at temperatures above 40℃. Rubber valves are deteriorated and gas leaks easily.
It is necessary to check safety so that sparks during construction do not cause fire accidents
Preparation of knife for cutoff of corrugator and sewing knife preparation of box making machine were explained.
In the operation speed adjustment of hydraulic and pneumatic cylinders, the structure of the flow control valve was illustrated and the adjustment method was explained.
The structure of the protective equipment of the machine, such as torque limiter, torque releaser, stopper, and hydraulic relief valve were illustrated.
There are few particularly difficult points to adjust, so it is important to gain yourself.
Features of fuel cell power generation, research and development status, intermediate evaluation of molten carbonate fuel cells, and future research and development
Fuel cells are expected to be a new power generation system that can simultaneously solve sustainable economic growth, stable supply of energy, and environmental conservation.
The research and development of alkaline type and phosphate type have been completed.
Molten carbonate type has reached the stage of promoting the development of 1000 kW class power generation systems
A major Japanese detergent manufacturer has converted the surfactant used from anion LAS to nonion POER.
However, POER has a relatively strong lethal toxicity to freshwater fish.
Therefore, in order to reduce the lethal toxicity of POER blended detergents, we tried to test the lethal toxicity of Himedaka under conditions close to actual washing.
As a result, if POER and anionic AS were formulated in a quantitative balance, it was possible to weaken fish toxicity without reducing detergency.
From this experiment, UCOP has developed a new detergent “ECOT” containing POER and AS
The ceramic for high frequency insulation was evaluated as a marking ceramic.
Alumina, steatite, and forsterite were evaluated and the results of the low-loss research conducted at the Fine Ceramic Center were reported.
Electrical evaluation of high-frequency insulating ceramics and dielectric resonators that can measure low dielectric loss in the microwave band were introduced.
Outline of development of low loss forsterite porcelain
In addition, the evaluation method of high-frequency ceramics was described on insulation resistance, withstand voltage, dielectric loss, and dielectric properties of microwave band
The characteristics and prospects of marking magnets that are attracting attention as post-Nd magnets were explained.
The adsorption reaction of N atoms in Sm2Fe17 was outlined and the properties change depending on the method of nitriding treatment.
The development status of the SM2Fe17N3 magnet in each research institute was shown.
We introduced the application of this magnet by making use of the high magnetic properties and high heat resistance
A glass fiber reinforced polypropylene plate with a circular notch was injection molded, and the effect of the size of the hole and the speed of the molding machine screw on the strength of the fiber and the hole was investigated.
Tensile load was applied to the plate specimen with the rotation speed of 100-300 rpm and the radius of the hole from 0 to 2.5 mm, and the energy release rate was measured by AE measurement.
As the rotation speed increases, the fiber breaks and the energy release rate decreases.
Smaller hole diameter reduces the breaking load and increases the energy release rate
The effects of short-chain fatty acids on intestinal function were explained.
Injecting short-chain fatty acids in patients who operated on colorectal and rectal disease increased blood flow and cell growth was confirmed.
We also found that rectal administration of short-chain fatty acids to humans with reduced rectal function is important not only from the perspective of promoting blood circulation of mucous membranes but also from the point of view of nutritional effects on mucosal cells
Polyloft fiber (polyester fiber) has a faster weight loss rate compared to conventional polyester fibers, and alkali reduction can be processed in a short time.
The reduction process of polyloft knit and rayon in the same bath was carried out in sodium hydroxide, assuming a composite weave of polyloft and rayon.
In alkaline weight loss processing, the weight loss rate for both polyloft and rayon increased in proportion to the weight loss temperature and weight loss time.
In addition, when weight loss enhancers were added, the weight loss rate of polyloft increased slightly, but the reduction rate of rayon was almost 0.
In order to achieve weight loss processing so that the strength of rayon is maintained to a certain extent, it is necessary to establish the weight loss processing conditions.
Development of fibers that have skin care functions for skin sensitive to stimulation is progressing.
Introduced “Chitopoly”, an antibacterial and deodorant natural fiber that has an effect on atopic dermatitis.
Chitosan contained in this is a polysaccharide obtained from crustaceans and insects, and is approximated to cellulose.
Chitopoly is a polynotic containing chitosan, and has a characteristic feature: 1) antibacterial and deodorant effect, 2) biodegradable, and 3) effect on allergic symptoms.
By adding an inorganic antimicrobial agent that is stable even at high temperatures to the vitreous layer (Yu medicine) coated on the base, ceramic is antimicrobial.
The antimicrobial properties, durability and safety of antibacterial ceramics against Escherichia coli, Staphylococcus yellow, and MRSA were discussed.
In addition, the effect of antibacterial treated products on preventing the occurrence of toilet urinary stone stains and the prevention of slime stains were explained.
Challenges for making antimicrobial function more effective were also mentioned.
In order to guide the production of clothes, we examined the correction method of the tight skirt and the body shoulder by body type, and accumulated it into a database.
In order to avoid the effect of elongation as a sample, polyester satin with the smallest elongation in both the direction of the head and the weft was used.
Correction of dart position and waistline in skirt-prototype, differences in the body of the culture formula and the Dremé type from the perspective of JIS size, correlation between shoulder inclination and forward bending, and quantification of correction of shoulder peak .
In the future, I would like to expand the database by not only adding examples of other parts, but also by examining the structure of the skeleton and its moving area for clothing design that is easy to move and comfortable to wear.
I explained the situation in which Osaka Gas worked on the Internet.
An intranet that uses the mechanism of the Internet as it is, is ideal for information-browsing systems.
Explained the advantages and disadvantages of intranet
Enhanced server functionality to enhance how intranet works.
We are promoting the construction of a total sales support system utilizing intranet.
In addition, we reported that we are proceeding with various technological development programs in order to build useful applications.
The specimen was made using ferric oxide (ferric oxide) (I) and titanium dioxide coated mica (II) of red brown pigment.
For I, it was platy, uniform thickness, 4-8 μm by observation of 3,000 times low magnification.
However, the board could not be observed from the side, and information such as thickness was not obtained.
Brightfield and darkfield images were observed at a moderate magnification of tens of thousands of times, and observed the adhesion of many particulates on the sample surface and the isothecarstic interference fringes corresponding to changes in thickness.
The lattice image was not obtained by high-resolution image observation.
I also observed the same as I.
We examined why full-color electronic photographic images are inferior in image quality compared to printed images.
The difference between the two is attributed to the microstructure in the thickness direction of the image and analyzed it.
The cross-sectional structure was observed by optical microscope and transmission electron microscope.
As a result, printed images were found to have less thickness and high uniformity.
Control of thickness direction was considered effective in order to improve the quality of electronic photographic images
