The dose rate of "Fugen Power Plant" can be calculated in detail using DERS software.
The VRdose software informs DERS of changes in the situation when calculating the dose rate, that is, changes in the object, with special markers.
The features, usage manuals and design documents of the R5 version of this software are summarized.
We are developing a phase shift magnetic sensor system consisting of two coils for sensing and output, an amplifier, and a phase shift circuit.
This circuit is a feedback circuit whose resonance frequency shifts due to a change in the input signal phase, and can detect a change in the magnetic characteristics of an object in the center of two coils with high sensitivity and resolution.
As the coil, two coils having an inner diameter of 6 mm and 800 turns were used in reverse connection.
In the experiment, the characteristics of tap water, pure water, and tap water treated with a magnetizing device could be analyzed as frequency changes.
It was also confirmed that changes in flow velocity and flow rate could be detected.
A high-sensitivity distortion sensor using surface acoustic waves (SAW) for wireless IC tags (RFID) and sensor networks will be described, and a distortion measurement method for observing SAW resonance frequency shifts caused by distortion will be discussed numerically.
Assuming the SAW resonance frequency and frequency resolution are 1 GHz and 0.1 Hz, respectively, the detectable distortion is calculated to be 10-10.
A SAW sensor with a resonance frequency of 40 MHz was designed and manufactured on a crystal substrate by micromachining.
We propose a real-time phase stamp range finder (PSRF) using a three-phase correlation image sensor (3PCIS).
Except for the 3-PCIS and 3-phase reference signal generator, it consists of the same parts as a conventional optical stripe rangefinder.
While a single scan is performed on the sheet beam, 3PCIS stamps the phase of the reference signal at the moment the optical stripe is imaged on each pixel.
By converting the detected phase into the angle of the projection sheet beam in this way, the three-dimensional shape of the object can be obtained in real time.
Compared to time-stamped VLSI rangefinders, PSRFs are less susceptible to spatial inhomogeneity in the surface reflectivity of the target object and background illumination.
Also, the proposed PSRF has a simpler structure than the modulated PSRF.
Regarding the diversity of water properties, we first explained hydrogen bonds, which are the forces acting between water molecules, and their network structures.
Next, we explained the changes in the hydrogen bond network, which is the basis of water movement.
Water molecules in the local part forming hydrogen bonds move collectively, and water molecules in other parts do not move.
The energy fluctuation associated with such intermittent movement was shown.
Finally, we explained how water freezes, how the pH of water changes, and the meaning of pH 7.
We introduced the technical results of forming single crystal films of insulators, metals, and ferroelectrics on a silicon substrate.
Various functional thin films can be formed on the chemically stable alumina film by the CVD method or the MBE method.
It is said that various sensors using multi-layer thin films have been realized.
We reported what we have done to solve the charging problem of the phase plate, which was the most difficult task in the development of the phase difference electron microscope.
One is the microfabrication technology for the phase plate, which was solved by the processing method using the FIB (focus ion beam device).
The other is the charging problem of the phase plate. Among them, 1) unavoidable charged stains during thin film processing are solved by sandwich carbon coating, and 2) electron microscope intrinsic stains from organic samples are new. The solution was achieved by manufacturing an electron microscope device.
The above-mentioned hafnium-related thin film oxides have been widely studied as advanced gate dielectrics for field effect transistors (FETs).
Therefore, the physical characteristics of a high k nanolaminate material composed of HfO2 and SiNx were investigated.
The effects of the deposition and annealing processes were investigated using surface analysis.
Changes in chemical state, composition profile in the depth direction, and band offset were investigated using XPS.
The band gap was also investigated using the ESEELS method (elastic scattered electron energy loss spectrum).
It was revealed that the Hf / (Hf + Si) ratio does not affect the bandgap, but does affect the bandgap for nanolaminates.
The pair density distribution of the deformed nuclei was investigated using the Hartree-Fock-Bogoliubov method.
We targeted nuclei with axisymmetric quadrupole deformation.
The angle dependence of the density distribution and the pair density distribution was determined using the surface type pair correlation.
102Zr was analyzed for angles of 0, π / 4, π / 2 from the radial axis.
It was found that the deformation affected the density distribution.
The magnetic phase diagram was examined by measuring the Josephson vortex flow resistance of the Bi2Sr2CaCu2O8 + δ (Bi-2212) single crystal with a slight over-addition (Tc = 86.0K) and a moderate over-addition (Tc = 82.5K).
From the periodic oscillations of the flow resistance, the upper and lower phase boundaries of the three-dimensional regular Josephson vortex lattice phase were obtained.
Doping caused a significant change in the lower bound of the three-dimensional regular vortex phase.
At the lower phase boundary, Josephson vortex lattice formation began, and the layer was filled with Josephson vortex, reflecting anisotropy.
The upper phase boundary suggested a phase transition from the Josephson vortex lattice state to a two-dimensional quasi-regular state.
The title tape was made by the PIT method.
At that time, Ag and Ag-0.3 wt% Mn were used as the inner and outer sheath materials, respectively.
For this tape, the mechanical properties and critical current deterioration under axial fatigue load were investigated.
The results are described in detail.
We have developed a title detector using a superconducting tunnel junction (STJ).
This STJ has a multilayer structure of Nb / Al / AlOx / Al / Nb, and the substrate is a LiNbO3 single crystal.
The THz wave irradiation is converted into phonons by LiNbO3 crystals, and these phonons reach the Nb base electrode and destroy the Cooper pair.
As a result, the THz wave can be detected as a tunneling current signal in STJ.
The SiO2 film and nanodots were deposited using the plasma accelerated chemical vapor deposition (PECVD) method developed for low temperature polycrystalline silicon transistors.
The former used a conductively coupled plasma (CCP) source, and in the latter case an inductively coupled plasma (ICP) source.
The density and diameter distribution of Si dots could be changed by the formation temperature.
It was also found that the shape and crystallinity of the dots depend on the temperature.
The SiO2 film showed excellent performance even at 430 ° C or lower, confirming the memory effect of the Si dot MOS capacitor.
The protein localization and kinetics of germ granule constituent proteins in germ cells were investigated.
As a result of EST analysis of medaka and medaka, two newly identified genes were fused with the GFP or RFP gene and introduced into fertilized medaka eggs.
Germline was specifically expressed by this, and analysis was performed using fluorescence correlation spectroscopy and a laser scanning fluorescence microscope.
As a result of the examination, it was confirmed that the fusion gene product showed specific expression of germline and formed a patch-like cytoplasmic structure considered to be germline granules near the nucleus.
The stability of the Al / Si (PFTS / Al / Si) surface reacted with perfluorodecyltrichlorosilane (PFTS) was examined using XPS and contact angle measurement (CAM).
According to XPS, there is a perfluoroylated alkyl chain coating on PFTS / Al / Si, PFTS / Al / Si exposed to the outside world for 140 hours and PFTS / Al / Si exposed to the outside world for 140 hours treated with nitrate.
CAM performed on these three surfaces showed that the static water contact angle was> 115 °, showed that the wet hysteresis was almost constant, and showed high hydrophobicity and good resistance.
That is, it shows the stability of PFTS / Al / Si to nitric acid (pH <1.8, 60 ° C., 30 minutes).
The AFM data show that there is no significant difference in the surface roughness of PFTS / Al / Si before and after the warm nitric acid treatment, indicating that the PFTS / Al / Si film is stable.
Liquid crystals have infinite potential for application to various functional materials.
Attempts are being made to construct the structure of the organization by molecular design and to make it functional.
The design and nano-phase separation structure of liquid crystals, material transport and separation by liquid crystals, and the electrical function of liquid crystals were described.
The shape of the molecule and the intermolecular interaction have a great influence on the self-assembled structure.
After describing the characteristics of particle transport under atmospheric pressure and dielectric breakdown, we took up a typical atmospheric pressure non-thermal equilibrium plasma source and outlined its properties and characteristics.
Corona discharge is a discharge generated under an unequal electric field such as a needle-to-plate electrode or a wire-to-plate electrode.
Dielectric barrier discharge occurs when a dielectric is placed on at least one electrode such as a parallel plate electrode or a circular axis cylindrical electrode and an AC or pulse voltage is applied between the electrodes.
Filamentous micro-discharge is the most common form of dielectric barrier discharge, in which thin utility poles (filaments) appear on the entire surface of the electrode.
Atmospheric glow discharge is a uniform discharge obtained by introducing atmospheric helium into a typical dielectric barrier discharge reactor and applying an AC voltage.
Polarized light is playing an increasingly important role in the industrial fields from liquid crystal displays to optical recording, and from bioengineering to remote sensing.
Furthermore, products using polarizing elements and the polarizing elements themselves are becoming more and more complicated and used.
A system that measures the complete Mueller matrix of a sample will be useful for most types of polarized samples now or in the future, as it has the advantage of measuring all of the polarization properties of the sample.
Here, the basics of polarization measurement are briefly described, and the Mueller matrix for describing the polarization characteristics of a sample is explained.
An AxoScan system for measuring the complete Mueller matrix of a sample is also described and examples of measurements made by this method are shown.
Described the automatic control of the flow rate and explained the sequence control.
The principle of the flow sensor is to detect the position of the float in the tapered pipe of the floating flow meter with a differential transformer and control the flow rate by controlling the voltage of this.
The model, basic configuration, and standards of this flow sensor are shown and introduced.
Describes the criteria and precautions for model selection, an example of a standard measurement system, and introduces constant flow control as an application example.
Attempts were made to establish a standard attenuation standard.
The light source was a light emitting diode with a center wavelength of 850 nm and a full width at half maximum of a Gaussian spectrum of 50 nm, and the optical fiber was a multimode GI type with an effective core diameter of 26 μm and an effective numerical aperture of 0.11.
The measurement temperature was 22 ° C., and the measurement range of the attenuation was 10-50 dB.
Discussed international comparison results by Japan (ETL), Italy (CSELT), Netherlands (VSL), Germany (PTB), France (LCIE)
Since the wireless relay station is installed on the top of a mountain at a high altitude, power outages and equipment damage due to lightning become problems.
We observed 24 lightning strikes on the radio tower and distribution lines in the winter of 1990, and examined the lightning current waveform, the duration of the lightning current, the estimation of the lightning intrusion route, and the lightning strike aspect.
As for the polarity of lightning, positive electrode and bipolar occupy 75%, and in bipolar lightning strike, positive electrode current flows after negative electrode.
Equal lightning ratio to radio tower and distribution line
The United States is trying to promote its international competitive advantage with the close cooperation of the government, industry, and universities as the highest proposition.
In early 1987, an experiment on high-temperature superconductivity of yttrium and copper oxide was reported, and global research competition began, and a national promotion policy was taken to keep up with Japan in particular.
In President Reagan's speech, subsidies for industry-government-academia development systems were proposed, concrete legislative and administrative measures were taken, and five strengthening bills were proposed.
Federal R & D agencies include the Department of Defense ($ 11.5 million), the Federal Ministry of Energy ($ 10 million), the National Science Foundation ($ 6.6 million), the Aerospace Agency ($ 750,000), and the Department of Commerce ($ 150,000). Budget was set up [1988.1]
We surveyed the supply and demand trends in the world and domestic, and classified and positioned the representative grades of each company.
As recent trends in molding technology, we described a molding method including mold design to utilize the characteristics and a molding method to improve weld strength.
Regarding the application, the trends and prospects in each field of injection-molded products and extrusion-molded products and polyma alloys were described.
Introduced recent topics related to recycling
A pancake coil having an inner diameter of 40 mm was made using silver-coated bismuth-based 61-core high-temperature superconducting wires 600 m and 1200 m.
Both were cooled by a GM refrigerator.
The 1.0T coil succeeded in continuous operation for 100 hours.
The latter coil produced 2.2 T in liquid helium.
Even at 64K, 0.56T is output.
Next to mass production of holograms will be full color.
The title hologram opens the way for mass production of holograms at low cost, and is a polymer-based volume hologram using DMP-128 photopolymer as a recording photosensitive material.
This hologram has the characteristic of reproducing a bright and clear image under white scattered light, and will have high added value in the future due to chemical processing process technology.
Explained the properties of photopolymers and the recording process
The flight time method using a pulse laser was used as the photoconductivity measurement method.
Anthracene crystals were sandwiched between transparent electrodes, light was incident from one side, and the current was observed as the charge carriers generated near the surface moved by an external electric field.
Light at 420 nm produces a photocurrent signal that is secondarily proportional to the light intensity.
Detailed analysis of excitation light intensity dependence determined that it was due to photoionization.
A commercially available system was adopted for the database management system, analysis tool, and output tool to improve the portability and maintainability of the system.
We believe that material development and data system improvement can proceed in parallel, and for distribution of fresh data, improvement of data quality, derivation of ad hoc models, and material design that reflects data at each point in time. We have developed a system that focuses on the creation of tools.
Since the operation on the user side is important for the idea support in material development, an interface for material manipulation at the atomic level was developed [1994.8].
We have developed a geometrical optics theory of standing waves based on ray matching.
This type of ray can be called a wavefront normal ray.
In order to explain the basic concept, the problem of reflection and refraction of cylindrical waves at the plane boundary was taken up.
An inequality that satisfies the incident angle and reflection angle of the wave was derived by the principle of the wavefront normal ray.
He also described a new form of expression for Snell's law regarding refraction.
It is the most important concept for building a chemical world image, and its historical background is described.
In the 17th century, it originated from the law of conservation of mass that explained combustion, and proceeded to the law of definite proportions (1799), the atomic hypothesis (1803), the law of multiple proportions, and the law of gas reaction (1808).
Avogadro's hypothesis (1811) contributed to subsequent developments.
Faraday's law (1834) also recognized ions and paved the way for isotope research.
Also mentions the problem of atomic weight unit notation
In the material manufacturing process, it is necessary to precisely control thermal phenomena such as melting, solidification, and quenching of substances.
The heat transfer mechanism in the transcritical process of fluid was elucidated.
The macroscopic heat transfer characteristics of the fluid near the critical point were clarified by experiments and numerical analysis.
In order to microscopically elucidate the ultra-rapid transient phenomenon, we also examined the formation of molecular clusters with changes in temperature and pressure by large-scale numerical analysis using molecular dynamics techniques [1994.3].
The development of a title for coating particles by plasma CVD has been mentioned.
Methane conversion was used to study the properties of this type of reactor.
The introduction of the reactive gas from the side of the DC plasma jet did not change the plasma stability, and the gas was efficiently activated even in the presence of particles.
In the presence of excess hydrogen, the particles promoted carbon production, indicating the potential for plasma CVD on flowing particles [1994.3].
We described the development of technology for infiltrating liquid fuel into ultra-low density plastic foam to form a cryotarget consisting of a uniform fuel layer in a hollow sphere for laser fusion.
Foam-shaped hollow spheres were produced by the density matching emulsion method.
A low-density ablator layer was formed on the outside.
The machining accuracy was determined by SEM / interference measurement, and the mechanical strength was determined by tensile stress measurement.
Achieved 98% or more sphericity and film thickness uniformity, and 0.2 μm or less smoothness.
The conduction characteristics of the previously reported thin film in the as-grown state were described, and the difference from the currently obtained thin film showing superconductivity in as-grown was examined.
For the characterization of the thin film, the temperature resistance characteristics were identified by the DC 4-terminal method, and the crystal structure was identified by X-ray diffraction.
As-grownBiSrCaCuO thin films were prepared under two different preparation conditions.
Both were c-axis alignment films having a c-axis length corresponding to the Bi2212 phase.
However, there were some that showed semiconductor temperature resistance characteristics and some that showed superconducting characteristics depending on the manufacturing conditions.
For wall surface turbulence with a high Reynolds number, formulation and numerical analysis were performed to evaluate the turbulence characteristics without using semi-empirical parameters.
In this method, the two-point correlation included in the turbulence fluctuation equation is separated into variables corresponding to each point.
The governing equation thus obtained is also useful for shear turbulence such as wall surface turbulence.
An example of the solution is shown
In order to clarify the splitting mechanism of the spray, we analyzed the high-pressure steady spray of water continuously sprayed from a single-hole hole nozzle.
By the phase Doppler (PDPA) method, 5000 particles were measured at each point up to 500 mm at every 100 mm distance from the nozzle.
The particles were measured and all individual data of the particles entering the measured volume were recorded in raw data mode along with the inflow time.
As the distance from the nozzle increased, the liquid mass and large particle size particles split, and at 500 mm, various changes became smaller.
We have developed an embedded heterostructure strain quantum well laser as a 0.98 μm band excitation light source for an optical fiber amplifier using an Al-free InGaP / InGaAsP material.
Confirmed stable operation of 2000hr
The effects of particle agglomeration on the marked properties were compared experimentally and analyzed.
The horizontal circular tube closing circuit was filled with magnetic fluid, a heater and an electromagnetic field were provided outside, and the flow velocity / temperature difference / pressure difference detection ends were inserted.
The magnetic field was applied in the direction perpendicular to or parallel to the tube axis.
The pressure difference and flow velocity of the magnetic fluid caused by the temperature difference between the inlet and outlet of the magnetic field were measured.
On the other hand, from the theory that spherical particles aggregate into a group of oblong ellipsoids, the formulas for increasing viscosity and pressure difference were derived.
The effect of the magnetic field direction and the number of aggregations on the temperature difference-pressure difference is illustrated.
He explained the marking measurement technology related to vibration and temperature in the heavy machinery industry.
Slip rings are not required for strain measurement using a wireless telemeter for turbine blades, the temperature can be measured with an optical pyrometer, and the clearance between blades and casing can be measured non-contact with an optical fiber laser.
The wear of the thin tube support part of the heat exchanger is calculated from the measured values of the laser displacement meter and the strain gauge type force sensor.
Laser Doppler vibrometers are used for vibration measurement with high resolution.
Infrared application measurement using radiant heat is useful for stress analysis
Scattering of oxygen gas molecules from the graphite surface was simulated by molecular dynamics.
The experiment was performed by scattering an O2 supersonic molecular beam onto a clean graphite surface in a UHV chamber.
Both results of the angular distribution of scattered O2 were in good agreement.
It was found that the loss of rotational energy is most affected by the initial rotational energy, but energy transfer is also an important factor.
We introduced the topic of nonlinear waves in lattice mechanics and the localization mode brought about by the nonlinearity of lattices.
First, the soliton solution of the KdV equation was explained, and then the breather solution of the sine-Gordon equation and the nonlinear Schroedinger equation, the two-kink solution, and the envelope soliton were described.
We clarified the properties of the spatially localized mode solution of the lattice equation derived from the one-dimensional anharmonic potential.
We expected that a stationary localization mode would exist even in a multidimensional lattice.
The dynamic equilibrium surface morphology depended on the annealing conditions and the miscut direction of the substrate.
The annealing conditions and substrates studied included many of the normal conditions under which MOCVD epitaxial growth was performed.
According to the experimental results, the slightly oblique GaAs (001) surface annealed in the AsH3 / H2 atmosphere tended to form step bunching.
The experimental results were explained by the model
Various types of flow rate sensors are used to measure the flow rate of the fluid flowing in the piping of the plant, depending on the nature and conditions of the fluid.
Therefore, it is necessary to select an appropriate sensor depending on the properties and conditions of the fluid.
In this paper, we briefly explained the measurement principle and advantages / disadvantages of typical flow sensor, and introduced an example where the range of application was expanded by using the latest technology.
Mentioned the production trends and characteristics of flowmeters by type, such as differential pressure type flowmeters, electromagnetic flowmeters, area type flowmeters, and capacitive flowmeters.
In recent years, the development of short-field optics using evanescent light has been remarkable.
In this paper, we constructed a virtual near-field optical microscope on a computer using the waveguide mode-separated integral equation method, and produced its animation.
By displaying it in an animation, it was clarified that the change in light distribution near the probe can be easily understood.
The manufactured system can also be applied to CAD for short-field optics.
Title Optical switching and optical recording images were formed and their stability was investigated.
The title liquid crystal thin film was formed by uniaxial orientation on a glass substrate, and the amount of transmitted light passed through the polarizing plate was measured.
The nematic phase disappeared by irradiation with a bright line of 366 nm, and the amount of transmitted light became zero.
Image (I) was formed by laser pulse irradiation and showed stability at room temperature for more than one year.
I could be erased at a temperature above Tg.
Discussed the mechanism of heat return reaction
Using the title polyimide, we studied the formation of homogeneous orientation of liquid crystals with a tilt angle.
A spiral polyimide (I) film and a linear polyimide (II) film were formed on the glass substrate, respectively, and in-plane orientation and tilt irradiation were performed by UV irradiation.
Liquid crystal for active matrix was injected into the cell.
In I, the main chain was cut by UV, and only a small tilt angle was shown regardless of the UV irradiation angle.
The orientation of II was stable and no reverse tilt was observed.
The tilt direction was the same as the UV irradiation direction.
We explained the application of chemical processes using supercritical phases, in which the fluid does not change phase regardless of temperature and pressure.
There are fields such as separation / extraction of useful substances, improvement of reactivity, creation of new materials, waste treatment, and analysis.
Research is being conducted on environment-friendly reaction processes, effective use of unused resources, material creation, and reaction physical characteristics.
Introduced research examples of application of CFCs to hydrolysis
As a high-temperature gas reactor type minor actinide (MA) extinguishing reactor, the combustion characteristics of the extinguishing reactor using Pu obtained from reprocessing as fuel were examined.
The results showed that a high burnup of about 500 GWd / t and an MA extinction rate of about 40% could be achieved.
Furthermore, in the MA separation model in which the fuel is separately loaded into the MA fuel ball and the Pu fuel ball, an MA extinction rate of about 70% could be achieved.
This furnace is promising and deserves full consideration in the future
Melt fracture or unstable flow is becoming more important in high speed forming.
About this phenomenon, the melt fracture generation region and the flow curve.
Melt fracture characteristics in HDPE.
Flow pattern in reservoir and extruded form.
Each item of the spiraling / melt fracture generation mechanism was considered separately.
He also mentioned measures to prevent melt fractures.
The features of the surface of the hydrogen storage alloy and the composition / structure control technology of the alloy thin film were explained in the case of application to electrode materials.
The hydrogen storage / release reaction is greatly affected by the surface properties of the alloy.
For bulk materials, how to control the surface of the alloy powder to a film structure suitable for occlusion, and for thin films, the same problem becomes an issue.
Thinning these alloys is an effective method for synthesizing materials with higher performance hydrogen storage properties.
We investigated a polymer-dispersed liquid crystal layer containing a true monosized liquid crystal domain, and obtained monodisperse polymer spheres containing individual liquid crystal nuclei.
It is easy to make liquid crystal particles wrapped in such a polymer between several tenths of μm and 5 μm.
Layers of liquid crystal particles wrapped in polymers of various compositions were created in consideration of electro-optical characteristics and other factors.
Finally, the diameter of the particles was set to 1.25 μm, and 75 wt% was dispersed in the polymer to form a layer having a thickness of 29 μm.
As a result, V10 = 11.8V and V90 = 18V were obtained as electro-optical characteristics.
We have developed a thermal flow sensor with a wide flow rate measurement range of 0.005 to 90 m / s and high durability.
Using this sensor, we have developed a multi-point measurement type flowmeter for non-developed turbulence.
This flow meter can detect a flow rate of 20 to 3200 m3 / h or more in a 0.2 m inner diameter pipe under a non-developed turbulent state.
This flow meter eliminates the need for long straight pipes in the piping and enables downsizing of instrumentation system mounting.
We gave an overview of trends in reflection and transmission object color measurement technology, and introduced examples of caution in color measurement.
The color measurement method was roughly divided into the spectrophotometric method and the stimulus value direct reading method, and the principle was introduced.
A list of colorimeter types and specifications is shown.
As a feature of color measurement, an increasing number of types illuminate a sample with diffuse illumination using an integrating sphere and measure the reflected light in a direction slightly inclined from the sample normal.
Reported the results of the three-year results of the Marking Investigation Committee.
The electrical, optical, photoelectric and structural evaluation techniques have been described in detail.
Functions and devices were also classified and explained in the same way, and issues related to membrane fabrication technology were also described.
The top data of group II-VI compound semiconductor lasers have already been developed to the extent that they are comparable to group III-V lasers in terms of static characteristics such as threshold values.
An optical output of 87 mW for continuous operation and 840 mW for pulse operation has been confirmed, and it can be expected to be applied to disk writing applications.
Improving the life is a major issue for practical use.
We looked at the current state of these research and development.
A large eddy simulation of the turbulent flow of viscous fluid passing through the prism was conducted to investigate the effects of filter width and numerical viscosity.
We investigated the conditions under which the effect of turbulent viscosity was correctly evaluated based on the magnitude relationship between turbulent viscosity and numerical viscosity.
We also examined a method for appropriately selecting the filter width in order to make the effect of turbulent viscosity superior in the turbulent region.
These were examined for the results of LES of a two-dimensional flow with a Reynolds number of 22000 around a prism.
First, the transition between atomic energy levels and levels has been described.
Next, the energy levels and spectra of molecules were taken up, and CO2 lasers and excimer lasers were mentioned.
He explained that the spectrum of light transitioning between levels is Lorentzian, and that the spread of the spectrum due to the Doppler effect is Gaussian.
A review of cutting, patterning, polishing, and metallization of diamond films with a laser.
Laser processing is performed by local heating and ablation with a high-density luminous flux.
We compared and examined the effects on the damage threshold and etching rate of the diamond film when the laser wavelength and pulse interval were changed over a wide range.
A new method of selectively selecting Ni and Cu on a laser-activated diamond surface has been described.
Introduced the application of laser to selective diamond film precipitation, grooving, defect annealing, uniform nucleation, improvement of adhesion, etc.
N- (1-pyrenemethyl) -1-pyrenemethanecarboxamide (I) was synthesized by the amidation reaction of 1-pyrene acetic acid and 1-pyrenemethylamine.
For reference, the 1-pyrenemethylamines phenylcarboxamide (II), cyclohexylcarboxamide (III) and 1-pyreneacetic acid 1-pyrenemethyl (IV) were synthesized.
The fluorescence spectrum of I showed a concentration dependence representing the formation of aggregates.
It was shown that the collective behavior of I can be detected by the spectral method.
Since the fluorescence spectra of II to IV were not or weakly concentration-dependent, it was confirmed that I may have formed an aggregate by hydrogen bonds of amide groups and accumulation of pyrene units, unlike the others.
In order to put the title junction into practical use, it is necessary to be able to produce a large number of junctions having designable and reproducible values for the critical current value Ic, the normal conduction resistance Rn, and the like.
Therefore, the fine structures of various types of high-temperature superconducting Josephson junctions developed so far have been investigated using TEM, and the relationship between the structure and characteristic reproducibility has been described in the text.
In addition, Josephson junctions can be classified into grain boundary type and multi-layer type, and each of them has been explained.
Furthermore, the text also shows the role of YBCO's homoepitaxial growth technique, which is expected as a method for producing Josephson junctions in order to obtain desirable Ic and Rn with good reproducibility.
The motion Stark effect (MSE) diagnostic system measures the polarization angles of the σ components of the Dα and Hα rays of the tangentially incident NB heating beam.
A new 9-channel polarimeter has been added to the conventional 5-channel, making it possible to measure the safety factor q distribution over the entire plasma minor radius (R = 3.04 to 4.29 m).
In addition, a dielectric multilayer mirror was introduced to significantly reduce the background light.
Since the change in polarization angle due to the multilayer mirror is large, the calibration method is also described.
Developed the new in-line flowmeter with the title.
The principle is to measure the Karman vortex train generated in the liquid inside the tube with an ultrasonic oscillator and receiver outside the tube to obtain the volumetric flow rate.
The features are that there is no seal part and it is highly safe, it is simple and there is no moving part inside the pipe and maintenance is unnecessary, and since the sensor is outside the pipe, it can be replaced without stopping the process flow even in the unlikely event of a failure.
The measurable flow velocity range is 0.2 to 6.0 m / sec, the Reynolds number range is 5000 or more, and the accuracy is 1% (opposite value).
A self-holding single-mode optical fiber switch was constructed using a technique for producing high-precision micropipes by metallizing and etching optical fibers.
We introduced various characteristics of this optical switch.
The applied technology for communication systems, functional optical devices, optical measurement systems, etc. was described.
Then, we looked at the latest technological trends of microphotomechanical switches aiming at economic efficiency and large scale of optical switches.
He explained the spectroscopic research of marked particles with a size of about nanometers.
First, the quantum size effect and resonance size selective excitation spectroscopy at the lowest excitation energy are outlined.
Next, the exciton states of II-VI group semiconductor mesoscopic particles were explained mainly in the case of CdSe microcrystals from the viewpoints of quantum size effect, exciton / carrier dynamics, and photodissociation phenomenon.
For comparison, explanations of Group IV and Group I-VII semiconductor mesoscopic particles with different characteristics were added.
Finally, I described recent trends and problems in this field.
The structure and basic characteristics of the MT (Mechanically Transferable) type connector were explained.
We also touched on MPO (Multifiber Push-On) type connectors and Mini-MPO type connectors based on this connector technology.
As characteristics, the data of mechanical test and environmental test are shown.
As a future issue, he mentioned a high-speed assembly multi-core connector.
Hydrophobic polymer (poly 1) brush by surface-initiated polymerization of methyl methacrylate (2,2-dimethyl-1,3-dioxolane-4-yl) methyl on a silicon wafer and its hydrolyzate, the title amphipathic polymer (Poly 2) The characteristicization of the brush was examined.
A poly 1 brush was prepared by surface-initiated atom transfer radical polymerization using a complex of CuBr and (-)-sparteine on a silicon wafer surface-treated with 6'-triethoxysilylhexyl-2-bromoisobutyrate.
Furthermore, a poly (2) brush was prepared by hydrolysis with HCl.
The molecular weight, film thickness, surface roughness, water contact angle, and friction coefficient of a stainless steel ball or glass ball probe in water and air were evaluated for the poly (1) and (2) brushes.
As a result, it was found that the coefficient of friction of the poly 2 brush was significantly smaller than that of the poly 1 brush in water, but on the contrary, it was larger in air.
In addition to forgery, falsification, and theft of data and ideas, fraudulent acts in scientific treatises include various forms and degrees of misconduct.
Responses to fraudulent activities have been delayed in Japan.
Ethical education for young researchers, establishment of a code of ethics, etc. should be strengthened at each institution.
Furthermore, an institution that examines and decides on fraudulent activities, such as the US Office of Research Integrity (ORI), should be established immediately.
The author described a new theory of glass transition points from crosslinked resins to linear polymers.
The author has already published a paper entitled "New Theory on Physical Properties from Crosslinked Resins to Linear Polymers: Melting Point, Glass Transition Point (Tg) and Strength". It was announced in the Applied Polymer Science (Vol. 97, 1467-1475 (2005)).
According to the new theory, the crosslinked resin forms different segments depending on the temperature of curing and post-curing, so its g also changes.
In addition, the Tg of the linear polymer considers the two rows of bonded portions connected by the van der Waals force between the main chains as segments, and the temperature at which the thermal elongation rate of the CC bond from 0 ° C. is 1%. And said.
At the end of 2006, polonium attracted public attention due to the suspicious death of a former Federal Security Service intelligence officer.
Polonium is an element discovered by Mr. and Mrs. Curie in 1898, and the most abundant in nature is polonium-210.
The characteristics of polonium as a toxic substance are (1) radioactivity is 10 billion times that of uranium-238, (2) mainly α-decay, and (3) α-rays are permeable when taken into the body. It is extremely low.
Polonium-210 is also contained in cigarette smoke, although it is in a very small amount.
When ozone is generated by silent discharge using oxygen as a raw material, the coexistence of nitrogen in the raw material gas promotes ozone generation.
Presumed to be the effect of nitrogen discharge light, nitrogen discharge light was injected into the silent discharge space in oxygen.
The amount of ozone produced increased by about 2 mg / h.
It was found from the Lissajous figure of the discharge current that when a large intermittent pulse is irradiated with the discharge light when the nitrogen discharge light is not irradiated, it becomes a group small pulse.
The second harmonic generation (SHG) of low molecular weight organic compounds was described, and examples of SHG active molecules and the current state of molecular design were described.
Next, as a method for realizing SHG activity in a polymer system, molecules having a large hyperpolarizability (β) are dispersed in a matrix and polled.
He described the current state of research by introducing a molecule with a large β value into the side chain and using a ferroelectric polymer, and described the problems.
He also touched on the Langmuir-Brojet method and inclusion.
A new pseudo-liquid membrane, the electrostatic pseudo-liquid membrane (ESPLIM), is shown.
The device used for this liquid film operation consists of an extraction tank and a back extraction tank separated by a baffle plate, and both tanks are equipped with two coated electrodes.
A high AC voltage is applied to the electrodes.
Compared to emulsion membranes, this method does not require a surfactant and has advantages such as a simple process.
A fine particle resin was obtained by interfacial template polymerization using an O / W type emulsion.
First, the synthesis method was explained, and then the function was described.
The amount of Cu (II) adsorbed by the interfacial mold resin having a phosphoric acid group increased as the pH increased.
The adsorption isotherm of Cu (II) adsorption by the interfacial mold resin having a carboxyl group was drawn.
The amount of Zn (II) adsorbed by the W / O interfacial template resin using dioleyl phosphate as a functional group monoma increased with increasing pH.
The title research was conducted and the results were summarized.
First, the molecular weight dependence of the diffusion coefficient D of monodisperse polyisoprene (PI) at 298K was investigated.
In addition, the high molecular weight PI was slightly mixed with the low molecular weight PI, and the D of the high molecular weight PI was measured.
Next, in the process of transitioning from a dilute solution to a concentrated system, in order to investigate how the entanglement effect is reflected in the fluctuation of the distance between both ends, the dielectric of PI in the PI / polybutadiene (PB) / heptane three-component system The normal mode relaxation (R) was investigated.
Then, as a bulk polymer blend system, a small amount of low molecular weight PI was mixed in PB, and R was examined.
A review of the R studies conducted in 1986 and 1987 is also attached [1994.3]
FIB-SIMS is a combination of SIMS with submicron resolution, GaFIB and a multi-channel detection system.
GaFIB-SIMS has high spatial resolution and a unique scanning mode (Shave-off mode).
The shave-off analysis, relative sensitivity coefficient, and oxide matrix effect in the quantitative analysis were outlined.
An example of analysis of inorganic microcapsules with a diameter of 2 to 3 μm and non-metal inclusions in steel is shown.
He described the recent radiopharmaceutical manufacturing facilities and equipment of Hoiken Seimon, and the manufacturing and features using them.
The facilities are from the cyclotron main room (AVF930 and HM18 are in operation) that accelerates charged particles, RI production irradiation room, 2 hot laboratories for synthesizing radiopharmaceuticals, semi-hot laboratory room, dispensing room, automatic synthesizer development room, reagent preparation room, etc. Become.
AVF930 has many types of isotopes that can be produced, and can also produce nuclides for SPECT of 123I and 77Br, and metal nuclides such as 28Mg, 42, 43K, 52Fe, 56Ni, 61Cu, 62Zn, and 95mTc.
The accelerator particles of HM18 are limited to H and D, and are mainly used for producing nuclides for PET such as 11C and 18F.
We synthesized novel chalcogenocarboxylic acids containing high-period Group 16 elements such as S, Se, and Te, and their alkali metal salts and esters, and elucidated their physical properties.
As a result, selenocarboxylic acids (RCOSeH, RCSeOH), tellrocarboxylic acids (RCTeH, RCTeOH), and their rubidium and cesium salts were synthesized from O-silyl seleno ester and -terlo ester, respectively.
On the other hand, selenothioester (RCSeSR') and diselenoester (RCSeSeR') were also synthesized.
These compounds were isolated and their spectra and X-ray structural analysis were examined.
Further studies were conducted on various reactivity [1996.3.]
The molecules and reaction dynamics of medium-density fluids (supercritical fluids) were examined in the picosecond region by the notation method (Transient Grating-TG method) and the transient absorption method.
We applied the TG method in the nano to millisecond region to the study of dynamics in liquid crystals, interfaces, clusters, emulsions, medium-density fluids, etc., and further developed and attempted applications such as volume grating and class tag rating.
In addition, as an example of the study of the initial process of photochemistry by the nanosecond time-resolved ESR method, the magnetic field dependence of the triplet mechanism of chemically induced dynamic electron polarization (CIDEP) was examined by low-frequency time-resolved EPR.
Furthermore, the initial photochemical process and spin dynamics by CW and FT time-resolved EPR were studied [1995.3].
The scanning probe microscope (SPM) is based on the scanning tunneling microscope (STM), but SPM using various interactions between the sample and the probe has been studied and developed.
That is, an atomic force microscope (AFM), a magnetic force microscope, a friction force microscope (FFM), an electrochemical STM, a lateral vibration FFM, a scanning short-field AFM, and the like.
Many of these principles and observation examples are shown.
The feature is that it is a measurement method that is not damaged by electron beams and enables high-magnification observation of tens of thousands to hundreds of thousands of times. Was there
The solubility of the monoma was lowered by continuously adding water to the uniform solution of water / ethanol / monoma, and the monoma was continuously separated in small amounts throughout the system.
Finally, a large amount of monoma was evenly absorbed by the monodisperse seed particles.
By this method, monodisperse styrene swollen particles were obtained, and the title fine particles were synthesized.
We also investigated the prevention of the formation of by-product fine particles during polymerization.
When energy is consumed by human activities, artificial waste heat and pollutants are generated, and in big cities, heat islands are generated and these are stagnant.
A microclimate occurs near the surface of the earth.
As for the emissions, CO2, NOX, suspended particulate matter, etc. are problems.
In the city center, the heat conductivity and heat capacity of roads are high, and the water permeability is low, so the temperature tends to be high.
These urban climates are formed due to high energy consumption in small urban areas.
The solar constant S is an important external parameter in determining the climate of the planet.
It is said that the difference in atmospheric composition and climatic conditions of Venus, Earth, and Mars is due to the difference in S.
In this text, we used a simple three-dimensional model to discuss climate change and its physical consideration according to the value of S.
The numerical model used is an atmospheric general circulation model that includes a simple hydrological process.
The Omagari fault survey was conducted by the electromagnetic method in connection with the Horonobe Underground Research Project.
59 points of AMT measurement by the remote reference method were carried out.
An underground resistivity structure from the ground surface to an altitude of 1000 km was obtained and compared with the existing geological structure.
As a result, the planar distribution of resistivity tended to extend in the NNW-SSE direction, which corresponded well with the geological distribution.
It also corresponded well with the results of electrical logging, showing that the Omagari fault can be estimated from the resistivity distribution.
The construction of the hydraulic stratum model and the groundwater flow analysis procedure up to 2004 in the Horonobe Underground Research Plan are summarized.
Based on the hydraulic characteristics extracted from the existing information, the sensitivity analysis of the groundwater flow was performed for 50 km square including Horonobe Town.
As a result, it was found that the sensitivity of the feeding amount and the hydraulic conductivity was high and low for the total head distribution and the groundwater transition route.
Around the area where the institute was set up, the dominant flow system was found in shallow and deep areas.
In the survey using the boring hole, the results of the hydraulic test and the indoor hydraulic conductivity test were examined.
As a result, it was found that the hydraulic conductivity is depth-dependent in all strata, especially in the Wakkanai Formation, and that they correlate with the presence or absence of crack zones.
Lakes are part of the groundwater system.
The method of determining the type of lake from the three hydrogeological factors (regional superiority, system efficiency, and lake location) presented by Born et al. Is also effective in evaluating the groundwater recharge function of the reservoir. Conceivable.
In this study, the method of lake research by Born et al. Was applied mutatis mutandis to the valley-type reservoirs in Hiroshima Prefecture, and the groundwater recharge function was examined.
In the research, the surface water inflow and outflow measurement, water quality, and radon concentration of the reservoir were measured, and the flow balance formula and radon balance formula were established with the groundwater inflow and groundwater runoff as unknowns. The amount of groundwater inflow and the amount of groundwater outflow from the reservoir were calculated.
In the Randall-Sundrum type 2 universe, we discussed the relationship between the curvature perturbation spectrum generated on the brain after volume inflation and the resulting mass spectrum of the primordial black hole.
We also discussed the blue spectral index of curvature perturbation using observational data of the outer galaxy diffuse photon background.
We gave the mass spectrum of the primordial black hole and showed that it was consistent with the standard four-dimensional spectrum on a large scale.
It also gave a limitation on the blue spectrum and reheating temperature, showing that it was even stronger than the standard four-dimensional results.
In the spring of 1992, a preliminary survey was conducted on the Agacy ice cap on Elsmere Island in the Arctic Archipelago, Canada, to determine the location of the ice core and to investigate the process of incorporating impurities on the surface of the ice cap.
In the survey, pits with a depth of about 1.5 m were dug at two locations near the top of the ice cap and one location slightly downstream, for a total of three locations, and snow was continuously sampled from the sides.
As a result of the analysis, it was found that the annual balance of the Agassiz ice cap is about 40 cm in terms of snow cover, and that the ionic main component has a clear seasonal change.
Therefore, it was thought that the history of past climate and environmental changes could be elucidated by analyzing and analyzing the core samples collected by the ice cap [1993.3].
Geothermal research and development in Japan began in the 1955's.
The geothermal water market will be a large market for Japan's drilling industry or groundwater pump industry in the future.
However, some hot spring wells contain flammable gas such as methane, which may cause an accident, so caution is required.
In addition, when drilling wells, it is necessary to analyze the strata geologically so as not to dig wasteful or harmful wells.
We conducted research on eye treatment and surgical simulation using the finite element method.
A continuous cross-sectional image of the eyeball was obtained using a three-dimensional internal structure microscope.
From that data, the eye tissue was segmented, and a mesh was created by quantifying the individual data.
For mesh creation, the mapped mesh method and the voxel mesh method were compared and examined, and the mapped mesh method was adopted.
As a result, we established a mesh creation method suitable for finite element analysis, and created an eye mesh in which each tissue of the eye was divided into parts on the mesh.
When plant cells lack water due to inhibition of water absorption due to salt stress or drying, many plants synthesize compounds called compatible solutes in order to restore the osmotic pressure balance between the inside and outside of the cells, which is disrupted by this, and inside the cells. Accumulate in.
Known compatible solutes include zwitterions such as glycine betaine (betaine) and proline, and polyols such as pinitol, sorbitol, and mannitol.
We proceeded with research with the aim of improving the salt tolerance of plants by introducing betaine synthesis genes into plants that do not have betaine synthesis genes using genetic engineering techniques.
1) Betaine synthesis gene of spinach, 2) Betaine synthesis gene of mangrove, 3) Betaine synthesis gene of allamanthus, 4) Low temperature and high temperature tolerance of rice transformed with BADH gene of barley, 5) Betaine transporter of mangrove Outlined.
The mechanism of iron accumulation in the liver was described in comparison with iron overload syndrome, and the recent findings of iron removal therapy were outlined.
Iron uptake in hepatic parenchymal cells is regulated by the regulation of TfR, DMT-1, ferritin, and FP-1 expression by the iron-regulated protein (IRP) system and the negative regulation of TfR function by HFE.
In addition, iron absorption from the duodenum is regulated by duodenal transporters (DMT-1 and ferroportin-1).
It has become clear that iron overload is due to abnormalities in these genes.
Recently, it was found that hepsitidine and hemoduverin regulate iron absorption from the duodenum.
Some men with azoospermia have lost the region of the Y chromosome that contains the heat shock transcription factor (HSFY) on the Y chromosome.
The expression of mouse HSFV-like sequence (mHSFYL), which is a mouse ortholog, was analyzed by in situ hybridization, and it was found that it was mainly expressed around sperm cells in the testis.
Species with genes similar to HSFY / mHSFYL were searched in the database and found in mammals such as cows, dogs, and chickens in addition to humans and mice.
The effects of 2,3,7,8-tetrachlorodibenzo-p-dioxin (TCDD) on the small intestine were discussed in terms of morphology and function.
The nuclear / cell ratio in the epithelial cells of the small intestinal villi tended to increase with TCDD treatment.
As a result of examining the effect on glucose absorption capacity, TCDD-exposed C57BL / 6J mice had increased glucose absorption capacity in the small intestine.
It was suggested that sugar transporter SGLUT1 and glucose transporter 2 mRNA may be increased, SGLUT1 protein may be increased, and lactase and maltase activities may be increased.
It was suggested that the promotion of glucose absorption is a mechanism that compensates for the decrease in glucose utilization efficiency in the body due to dioxins.
Life activities include dynamic life activities that cannot be predicted simply from the functional analysis of gene sequences and proteins.
As a typical example, we took up the formation of spatial patterns such as chromosomal structure.
Chromosome band numbers were used as information on chromosome positions, and chromosomes to which those numbers were assigned were collected and examined for functional positions.
As a result, the position of the one-dimensional genome and the position of the chromosome did not always match.
We compared the response to compensation for the vegetative stage of young Quercus serrata trees that were damaged by two types of insects.
In this experiment, the compensation value was predicted and specified for all the leaves of the young tree.
After that, the branches were grown by placing them in plots with different soil fertility.
Bud growth and branch growth were due to factors unique to Quercus serrata, and the response to feeding damage was dominated by individual levels.
The growth of the secondary and tertiary branches that were damaged by feeding was significantly poor when the soil fertility was poor.
We reported the formation of a cell affinity pattern on the Au surface for biosensor arrays using PEG with methoxy and thiol ends.
Au surfaces were treated with buffered solutions of MeO-PEG-SH with molecular weights of 2k and 5k to form cell repulsive surfaces.
Next, a cell-affinity microarray was formed by plasma etching.
A cell-affinity microarray with a diameter of 10 μm and an interval of 100 μm could be formed.
We investigated the characteristics of center of gravity sway due to functional deterioration of the system that maintains physical balance when drinking alcohol and the central nervous system, and clarified a part of the mechanism leading to inability to stand upright due to deterioration of physical function with aging.
The characteristics of the center of gravity sway in the sole of the foot were examined using a center of gravity sway meter.
When falling due to the influence of alcohol drinking, the sway of displacement in the front-back direction or the left-right direction (or both directions) suddenly increased.
In this case, the moving distance of the center of gravity suddenly increased in the front-back direction (or both directions), leading to a fall.
The pp value of the center-of-gravity sway velocity amplitude in the front-back direction or the left-right direction (or both directions) immediately before the fall increased sharply.
In general, subjects with small changes in velocity during normal times took a long time to fall.
We analyzed whether fetal development determines postnatal growth patterns and body composition in Tenryu City school examinees.
There was a gender difference in blood leptin levels in low birth weight infants.
It was also suggested that birth weight (intrauterine development) determines the postnatal growth pattern.
The results obtained showed that the in utero environment is an important factor in determining postnatal growth patterns and body composition.
The increase in metabolic syndrome, including obesity, has become a social problem.
Netea et al. Reported that IL-18 acts suppressively against obesity and insulin resistance.
The authors compared IL-18 knockout mice with wild-type mice.
As a result, IL-18 knockout mice increased in body weight, body fat percentage and food intake over 6 to 24 months.
That is, it was shown that IL-18 deficiency leads to obesity.
Among the genes highly expressed in primordial germ cells (PGC), the one with the 7th highest relative expression was named PGC7.
This was the same as the gene Stella, which was later published by the University of Cambridge.
Subsequent studies have revealed that PGC7 / Stella translocates to the nucleus and exerts its function early after fertilization, not during egg maturation.
Furthermore, PGC7 / Stella was found to inhibit demethylation.
As a method for measuring grip strength to know the degree of functional recovery of a patient, we attempted to develop a sensor that utilizes changes in light propagation characteristics due to changes in fiber morphology.
It was found that the measurement sensitivity was 6.88 mV / kg, and it was possible to measure 500 g or less, which cannot be measured by the currently used Smedley method.
The measurement accuracy of the finger joint angle is 5 degrees.
The measurement range and measurement sensitivity change by changing the shape of the external force applied part.
The characteristics of taurine intake in human glioma cells were investigated using T98 cells.
Taurine intake in T98 cells was Na + -dependent and had a high affinity system, and was decreased by administration of phorbol-12,13-dibutyrate (I, 100 nM) and isoproterenol (1 μM).
In addition, although not affected by H-7 (100 nM) administration, EC50 of taurine intake reduction effect increased from 41 to 83 nM by administration 30 minutes before I.
Considered that protein kinases c and cAMP are involved in taurine intake
We reported on the progress of the development of an automatic chromosome sample preparation device in the marking system.
The prototype device was actually used for a long period of time to evaluate its performance and operability.
We also studied the establishment of a cell fixation method suitable for the device.
Mechanical control of temperature and humidity during specimen preparation has almost reached the target.
For practical use, we pointed out 10 improvements in performance, operability, appearance, noise, etc.
Galactose α1 → 3 Galactose (GG) is specifically stained with GSI-B4 lectin (GS).
Therefore, the cDNA of α-1,3-galactosyltransferase involved in GG biosynthesis was recombined and introduced into fertilized mouse eggs to prepare transgenic mice.
Then, when investigated using GS, a novel GG distribution was observed around the outer segment of the goblet, small intestinal forest cells, and spermatocytes, and GG enhancement was observed in the renal tubule and alveolar epithelium.
This mouse had high proteinuria, hair loss, underweight and sudden death [1995.2].
When the synthesis of the chitinase (K) inhibitor (I) was advanced, the synthesis of allosamidin (A), which is the I of the insect K, was examined using chitin as a starting material, and the total synthesis was successful this time.
Furthermore, the total synthesis of yeast K I demethylarosamidine was stereoselectively achieved by utilizing the above synthetic intermediate.
Furthermore, the inhibitory activity of A and its analogs was compared with the inhibitory powers of Spirogyra, Saccharomyces cerevisiae and Trichoderma K.
As a result, useful findings regarding structure-activity relationships were obtained [1995.2].
The activation of innate immunity induced by IL-12 and the cell groups involved in it were described.
IL-12 is a differentiation factor that exhibits activity common to T cell groups with different phylogenetic positions.
In cancer immunity, MHC non-restrictive recognition may be expected to have an effect of promoting the rotation of sequences linked to antigen-specific recognition by cancer peptides and the like.
We also considered the biological response of IL-12 resistance to cancer (innate immunity).
It has been demonstrated so far that the ion range at the target can be controlled by the distance from the beam window to the target by using the cell irradiation device connected to the beam line of the 3MV tandem accelerator.
The effect of penetrating force-controlled irradiation on tobacco pollen as a model cell system on local irradiation was investigated.
"Leaky pollen", which may be due to cell membrane damage, was frequently observed at the end of the ion range.
Compared to the steady flow, the signal strength of the fluid part (especially near the inflow part) was lower in the pulsating flow due to the influence of the signal decrease due to the phase dispersion.
The signal decrease due to pulsating current was remarkable due to the flexion of the stenosis and blood vessels.
Ghost artifacts due to pulsating current were observed, and the interval was proportional to the repetition time and the number of beats.
The title virus (C) has different geographical distribution and clinical epidemiological characteristics depending on the genotype.
Interferon susceptibility appears to be defined by multiple factors.
The severity of hepatitis can vary by genotype.
No significant correlation with primary liver cancer was found.
There are many C mutations other than genotype, and it is possible to identify the C strain of each patient and investigate the infection route based on it.
Non-linear phenomena such as fractal chaos have the potential for quantification of numerical analysis.
A fractal analysis of event-related potentials was performed and the results were used to investigate the fluctuating state of intellectual activity.
The peak corresponding to N100 or P300 is not clearly shown.
This is thought to be because fractal analysis is more suitable for detecting changes in the induced amount than peaks.
The problem is that exposure to microgravity impairs the balance of autonomic nervous function.
As a simulation of micro-gravity, a head down tilt (HDT) was used in which the head was lowered 6 degrees from the horizontal on the bed, and the probe was fixed to the palm side of the left thumb to continuously measure the amount of sweating.
The amount of sweating due to hand grip (maximum grip strength for 5 seconds) during HDT was significantly lower than that when sitting and without back compression, but no difference was observed under mental arithmetic load.
In normal cells, telomeres shorten each time they divide, and when a certain extremum is exceeded, the cells age.
On the other hand, cancer cells and immortalized cells have telomerase activity, so they supplement telomeres, maintain a constant length without further shortening, and acquire infinite proliferation ability.
Therefore, the gene that controls telomerase activity is considered to be one candidate for the cell senescence-inducing gene.
It was suggested that an unknown telomerase regulatory gene may exist on chromosome 3 3p14 → p21.
We prototyped an active electrode with a transmission function that derives surface myoelectric potential without using skin pretreatment or conductive paste.
Unlike conventional telemetry systems, this cordless electrode does not have a lead wire that connects the electrode and the transmitter, so the burden on the experimenter can be reduced.
In addition, it is not affected by noise due to the swing of the lead wire.
It can also be applied to electrocardiogram and electroencephalogram measurement, and can be expected to simplify measurement.
Telomerase activity is high in germ cells and cancer cells.
The telomerase activity of normal and cancerous blood cells was analyzed using the extended PCR assay developed by the authors.
The activity was high in young individuals, especially in neonatal cells, and negligible in those over 30 years of age.
It was very high in leukemia cells.
The current status of gene therapy was introduced based on the materials of Marcel T and Grausz D.
He described the current situation in which the number of target patients has increased dramatically year by year since gene therapy was first applied to humans in 1990.
The indication, which was initially limited to severe intractable diseases, has been gradually expanded to chronic diseases as safety is confirmed.
He described the current situation in which gene therapy research is being developed in three directions: gene transfer method development, research on its strategy, and model development.
We reported a case of administration of the title drug (L) to a 41-year-old woman who suffered from systemic lupus erythematosus and was receiving steroid therapy.
He noticed a feeling of coldness and pain in the right lower leg, and then a crush with necrotic tissue appeared in the right anterior tibia, which gradually worsened.
When L was infused at 10 μg / day for 4 weeks in combination with wound treatment such as irrigation of the crushed area, the pain was alleviated and the crushed leg was reduced.
No side effects were observed during treatment.
CGRP is secreted from the area of sensory nerve distribution to the myocardium.
48-hour administration of CGRP increases the surface area of neonatal rat cardiomyocytes approximately 2-fold.
In addition, CGRP upregulates mRNA expression for skeletal muscle α-actin and atrial natriuretic peptide.
In order to obtain data that allows the artificial limb to adapt to walking modes other than flat ground, we measured walking conditions on flat ground and slopes.
Bending moments and subjective evaluations obtained by a semiconductor strain gauge attached to the lower leg pipe were collected.
On slopes with inclination angles of 5 degrees and 7 degrees, the same measurement was performed when the bottom dorsiflexion angle was adjusted to the angle of the slope and when it was not adjusted.
In hill walking, walking was easiest when the plantar flexion and dorsiflexion were changed according to the angle of the hill.
Using image information and knowledge of morphology and motion for the measurement target, we have developed a method that can measure motion without attaching a reference point.
The walking of the horse was photographed from the side, and the dimensions and position of the geometric model were manually determined from one of the images.
The brightness distribution of the geometric model area was acquired and a template was created.
From the next image onward, the geometric model was superimposed on the image for each segment, and the joint position and joint angle of the horse at that time were used.
We described the speeding up of processing, robustness evaluation, and accuracy.
The amount of mental sweating and the heart rate when the program was given as a mental stimulus were measured at the same time, and the correlation between the two was examined.
There was a considerable correlation between the normalized variances of mental sweating during the creation of the two programs and the variances of heart rate.
In addition, there were cases where a high correlation was observed and there were cases where there was almost no correlation between the normalized variance value of mental sweating during program creation and the variance of heart rate.
Further experiments were considered necessary.
The complex interaction between the porcine immune system and PCV2 was outlined.
We have introduced evidence that PCV2 is the major porcine pathogen under suitable circumstances and controlled conditions.
Extensive stimulation of the immune system is one of the prerequisites for inducing multiple organ dysfunction syndrome (PMWS) after weaning in PCV2-infected pigs.
PCV2 itself is a pathogen whose presence is essential in lethal PMWS.
PMWS-affected pigs lack an effective immune response to pathogens other than PCV2.
Based on field-based clinical, pathological, and immunological observations of immunosuppressive conditions in PMWS, PCV2 is probably a key contributor to secondary immunodeficiency under certain circumstances. Maybe.
A collection survey was conducted on the rocky shore in the northern part of Ibaraki prefecture.
Large seeds were collected directly, while small seeds were collected by sieving hand nets and bottom soil.
Among the small crustaceans, Mysidacea, Caprellidae, and Caprellidae, Caprellidae and Caprellidae, were first identified in Ibaraki Prefecture.
As for large crustaceans, 2 species of 2 families of goose barnacles, 3 species of 3 families of sessilia, and 10 species of 5 families of decathlon were obtained.
The number of species obtained was small because the survey was limited to the intertidal zone.
Including the survey results so far, the species collected, the collection site, and the collection date are organized and shown.
In order to examine the evaluation method for revitalization of rural areas, we conducted a field survey of 5 areas that are considered to have a high degree of revitalization.
The process of regional revitalization was organized as a flow of "input"-> "activity"-> "result"-> "result", and it was examined whether various activities for regional development and revitalization cooperate and cooperate with each other.
At the same time, a check sheet was created for sustainable regional revitalization from the precipitation of the system that produced regional revitalization, regional revitalization process analysis and system analysis.
In the analysis using the statistics by village, the items showing the activation status were aggregated, and it was found that it was related to the factor showing the activity of the village.
The analysis of the questionnaire revealed that there is a discrepancy between the degree of activation calculated directly from the statistical indicators and the evaluation of the perspective.
The covariance structure analysis revealed that the direct effect of social capital (production activation effect) is high in areas other than cities and suburbs.
He outlined the movements, uses and uses of swordfish in the North Atlantic over the last year, an overview of fisheries, biological characteristics, stock status, and management measures.
At the 2002 ICCAT SCRS, a stock assessment was carried out using the VPA and non-equilibrium production model using the stock index estimated from the longline fishery data of each country.
Both analysis results show good recruitment after 1997 and resource recovery due to a decrease in catch, and good recruitment is expected in the future if excessive catch is avoided.
ICCAT has created a recovery plan to return resources to MSY (Maximum Sustainable Yield) levels with a probability of 50% or more in the 10 years from 2000 to 2009.
As a resource management measure, the TAC was set to 13900 tons in 2003 and 14000 tons in 2004 and 2005, and the amount of landed small individuals (lower jaw fork length 125 cm, weight less than 25 kg) was set to zero for the main target fishery and 15% or less for the bycatch fishery. It was recommended to keep it down.
The background of sea turtles and fisheries, the biological characteristics of sea turtles, the current state of resources and management measures were outlined.
All species of sea turtles are listed in Annex I of the Washington Convention, regardless of population size and trends.
Accidental catching by pelagic fisheries is often regarded as a problem, and various regulations and enlightenment are being carried out, but in reality, the environmental deterioration of coastal fisheries and spawning grounds other than fisheries, and the effects of egg feeding damage and grave robbery, etc. Is also considered to be large.
There is a possibility that the number of individuals is decreasing due to improper management, etc., and it is necessary to promote the protection of sea turtles in cooperation with experts.
Three-dimensional exploration is costly to measure and analyze, and has not yet been put into practical use.
We considered a labor-saving 3D electrical exploration method that analyzes a small number of 2D exploration line data placed in the exploration range in 3D, and reduced the analysis error due to the 3D non-uniformity of the ground.
With this method, it is possible to grasp the underground structure with high efficiency and high accuracy at a lower cost than the conventional 3D exploration.
In the field, this method can be used by the conventional method, and it is not necessary to use a device dedicated to 3D.
The conditions for establishing water cycle conservation agriculture were examined from the viewpoints of business administration and economics.
Focusing on the groundwater recharge function of the paddy field inundation project in the rural area along the river basin, we evaluated the water source conservation effect in the downstream area.
We conducted a hearing survey of agricultural managers and examined the theoretical examination of the conditions for establishment and its application to actual conditions from the viewpoints of analytical agricultural management and environmental economics.
In order to maintain the quality of cut rose flowers, we have developed a new drug formulation (GLCA) using isothiazolin antibacterial agents.
As the isothiazolin-based antibacterial agent, CMI / MI, a mixed solution of 5-chloro-2-methyl-4-isothiazolin-3-one and 2-methyl-4-isothiazolin-3-one, was used.
As a result, the optimum mixing ratio of GLCA was glucose 10 g / l, isothiazolin antibacterial agent 0.5 ml / l, citric acid 30 mg / l, and aluminum sulfate 50 mg / l.
With this formulation, the moisture conductivity was maintained at the level immediately after harvesting, and the quality retention period was extended compared to the conventional formulation.
Three tests were performed on proteome analysis and metabolome analysis to investigate the stability of transgenes in transgenic crops.
First, the qualitative and quantitative variability of RNA expression, which hinders the transcriptome analysis, which is the first stage of these analyzes, was investigated by microarray analysis using germinated soybeans.
As a result, there were individual differences and RNA expression differences depending on the extraction method even in domestic varieties.
Therefore, by using a multi-sample crusher for RNA extraction, inexpensive and simple multi-sample processing has become possible.
A bridge with a length of 145 m and an effective width of 5 m was completed in Hiroshima Prefectural Central Forest Park using laminated wood with a large cross section.
The construction method is complicated because various members such as joint fittings are combined from a simple girder bridge.
Creosote oil is press-fitted as an anti-corrosion measure, and all truss members are joined with bolts.
The National Agricultural Structure Improvement Association provides Higashimura with 1) commercialization and sales measures for processed persimmon products as a persimmon village development project, and 2) investigation and diagnosis of the direction of development of multipurpose agricultural product processing facilities, and advice and guidance. It was.
We analyzed the current situation of agriculture and forestry in Higashi Village and grasped the problems and issues.
The conditions that should be met as a product are listed.
Regarding the development of the sales system, we proposed the joint use of agricultural cooperatives and persimmon production associations, and direct sales and Yu-Pack as sales methods.
As a facility for making persimmon villages, we examined yield prediction and processable amount, and showed the necessary facilities such as collection / fruit sorting plant, drying / fumigation room, storage, and agricultural processing facility.
Proposed a complex industry such as cultural facilities, local cuisine, and sales of special products as a measure to stop transit tourists [1994.2]
This is a report on the results of a survey conducted by the National Agricultural Structure Improvement Association on Oyama Town based on the issues set by the National Land Agency.
The results of the third phase of the mountain village promotion project in Daisen Town are almost as planned except for the field maintenance.
Regarding the improvement of the living environment, the improvement status and improvement direction of facilities such as housing, roads and transportation were described.
He clarified the current state of production and sales in agriculture and forestry, and then described the promotion of local industries and the development of special products.
As measures to promote mountain villages related to tourism development and resort development, the development of tourism agriculture and forestry, the production and sale of special products, cooperation with urban residents, and the development and maintenance of resorts and resorts were mentioned.
He pointed out future issues such as creating business opportunities related to the promotion of mountain villages, fostering new industries, and establishing a third sector in charge of various businesses [1994.2]
Regarding the title, we examined measures for soil fertility fluctuations and soil fertility enhancement using Andosols soil improvement materials.
In cabbage, the effect of increasing the yield was observed by applying organic matter, and the utilization rate of input nitrogen decreased in the organic matter application area, but the utilization rate of nitrogen, phosphoric acid, and potassium in compost differed depending on the type of compost.
It was considered that the nitrogen supply capacity of Andosols was higher in that of yellow soil.
The heavy metal content of cabbage was slightly higher in zinc in pig dung manure plot [1993.10.]
We investigated the effects of mixed feed during the growing and growing seasons on dry matter intake and growth rate.
As for feed intake, the intake of Asakusa stagnated due to eating more artificial milk in the mixed plot during the growing season.
After the middle stage of breeding, the feed intake of the mixed group exceeded that of the mixed group, and the body weight of the 18-month-old group was 477 ± 28 in the mixed group and 451 ± 14 kg in the isolated group.
There was no difference in rumen fluid, blood properties, or fertility [1994.10.]
Environmental pollution due to over-packaging and waste has become a serious problem.
As one of the countermeasures, the development of biodegradable plastics for containers and packaging materials is being considered.
We introduced Biopole, Bionore, Lacty, Ecomati AX, and Potatoray as typical examples currently on the market in Japan.
He also touched on the use of biodegradable plastics in food packaging, related regulations, and the safety of products after decomposition [1995.3].
We elucidated the growth characteristics and suitable foliage under warm and heavy rainfall conditions, and set the suitable growth criteria for the variety "Tamaei".
The effect of early defoliation on flower bud traits and the relationship between the growth characteristics and yield of high-yielding trees were investigated.
We examined the use of plant growth regulators as a technique for inducing suitable growth and maturation patterns.
It was possible to use PP-333, S-327D, improved C-MH, KUH-833, etc. for the purpose of preventing the growth of shoots.
The title varieties of paddy rice are of good quality and good taste, and in Miyagi prefecture, they are the late evening line.
In the same prefecture, it is planned to be adopted as a recommended variety in place of a part of "Sasanishiki" for the purpose of avoiding cold damage due to dispersion of heading period and dispersion of cutting time.
Since it is late-maturing, the probability of encountering low temperature during the panicle-spreading period is low, but the cold resistance is weak.
Blast field resistance is moderate for leaf blast
The Shimajiri Group mudstones in Okinawa are classified as Neogene mudstones.
In mudstone areas, there are frequent cases where the SS concentration of turbid water flowing out from the development project site exceeds 10,000 mg / l.
From the comparison of the SS of muddy water discharged from the land improvement project, it is evaluated that mudstone is about eight times more likely to flow out than Kunigami Marge.
Slaking was the main cause of the outflow mechanism in the cut soil, and water erosion and collapse of the cracked part were also observed.
On the other hand, in the embankment, large gully growth was observed due to water erosion.
Soil hardness has a direct or indirect effect on crop root growth.
So far, the relationship between root elongation and soil hardness has been evaluated by indirectly measuring loam hardness.
Therefore, we made a pin penetrometer that imitated the effect of soil hardness on root intrusion, measured the soil hardness, and conducted an experiment on root intrusion.
As a result, it was suggested that soil hardness by pin penetrometer can be measured for root intrusion, but root intrusion is affected not only by soil hardness but also by soil gaps.
From the results of the fertilizer irrigation experiment, the total number of large soil animals in the pasture sprayed with the slurry was smaller than that in the chemical fertilizer plot, but increased in the 4th year.
Mites and Collembola were no longer extracted in the 4th year.
The number of nematodes decreased in the chemical fertilizer plots in the 4th year, but the proportion of root-eating habits increased in all plots, which was considered to be due to the development of grass root groups.
Compared to the chemical fertilizer plot, the soil microbial fauna of the slurry spray plot has more bacteria and actinomycetes, but the cellulose decomposition rate and the number of filamentous fungi are lower.
We aimed to develop a passenger-type rice transplanter that realizes paddy field laying and rice planting work of lightweight paper mulch with a work efficiency of about 14a / h.
We examined the method for setting the development specifications and narrowing down the implementation method (passenger type that can work by one person, prevention of damage to seedlings, laying of paddy fields for mulch, self-collapse time of mulch, etc.).
We made prototypes of mulch paper (3 types) with different strengths, and narrowed down the paper specifications by conducting a preliminary survey / examination on planting, workability, planting accuracy, etc. using a modified commercially available mulch rice transplanter.
Includes the results and an overview of the development and trial production of multi-paper and rice transplanters based on these.
Introduced the "Individualization Corner" of the title fruit and vegetable wholesaler.
He described the background of the establishment of the title "Individual Gardening Room" such as safety, health-oriented production and consumption, and excavation of agricultural products buried in mass distribution.
He also explained the installation of the "individual gardening room", including the progress and way of thinking regarding the installation.
Finally, we explained the digging up of the products we handle and the future direction.
In a farmer raising 160 Japanese Black cattle, 14 heads developed at the age of 26 to 33 months, 2 died, and 4 heads were shipped early.
Among them, one dead cow and one shipped cow were tested, and as a result of pathological and bacteriological examination, the disease was diagnosed as the above-mentioned disease.
In addition, a stool test of 9 animals detected coccidia oocysts in 8 animals.
It is probable that the mucosa was damaged by the infestation of coccidia, creating an environment suitable for the growth and proliferation of Clostridium perfuringens, causing overgrowth and dying, and the shipping cattle developed necrotizing enterocolitis.
An autosomal dominant diabetic-prone family with an onset age of 25 years or younger and a family history of diabetes for three generations is named MODEY (M).
The classification by the causative gene of M (M1 to M5), the direct sequencing method as the identification method of the M causative gene, and the use of DHPLC were explained.
M is characterized by insulin deficiency due to abnormalities in genes that work in pancreatic β cells.
However, the abnormalities of the M gene discovered so far are about 20% of M, and the rest are unknown.
In 2000, 20 patients with asymptomatic cerebral infarction, 10 normal subjects, and 21 children without neurological abnormalities were treated with high magnetic field MRI (1.5T) for cerebral hemisphere white matter arteries (medullary arteries). Perivascular space (PVS) was visualized.
PVS basically showed findings such as well-aligned edges, clear boundaries, no change in the surroundings, a maximum diameter of 3 mm or less, and along the intraparenchymal artery.
PVS expanded with age.
In cases of multiple lacunar infarction, the PVS of the medullary artery was markedly dilated.
Dilation was further enhanced in patients with hypertension.
These findings suggested that the PVS of the medullary artery dilates as the medullary arteriosclerosis progresses.
The acetabular defect was reconstructed by allogeneic bone grafting, and a cementless socket was installed directly on it.
Since 1984, surgery has been performed in combination with support ring in order to prevent postoperative collapsing of the transplanted bone.
The procedure and X-ray results were outlined.
The procedure was performed on 45 joints in 42 cases (12 males, 30 females, 40-82 years old).
In the case where allogeneic bone was transplanted to the load-bearing part, stronger initial fixation was obtained by using straight screw in combination with support ring.
When the transplanted bone was implanted and the remodeling was completed, the component was stable in the installed position.
Using octacalcium phosphate (OCP), which is also a precursor of apatite in living organisms, as a paste, fusion to dentin by irradiation with a carbon dioxide laser was tested.
The paste made from dihydrate calcium diphosphate and calcium carbonate was melted with dentin by irradiation with a carbon dioxide gas laser, and some dentin tubules were closed.
The OCP paste fused to the surface of the dentin, not only closing the dentin tubules, but also specifically gluing around the dentin tubules.
During carbon dioxide laser irradiation, a fused layer is formed on the dentin by applying calcium phosphate salt, suggesting the possibility of strengthening the dentin surface after dentin hypersensitivity and caries treatment.
Budd-Chiari syndrome (BCS) has traditionally been advocated as a congenital vascular abnormality.
However, in recent years, the stenosis and occlusion of the membranous structure and the origin of the hepatic vein can be explained by the thrombus and its organizing, and the acquired thrombus theory has come to be considered as the cause.
In this study, we investigated the gene polymorphisms of Factor V codon 830 and 897 in Japanese BCS cases and Nepalese BCS cases at the Specimen Storage Center.
As a result, factor V gene polymorphisms were found in 6 places, of which codon 830 and 897 were missense mutations.
Diffusion-weighted imaging (DWI), the latest MRI imaging method, was performed on 31 cases and 58 lesions in which hepatomegaly was pointed out by other examinations.
It was difficult to visualize a total of 10 lesions, 4 lesions with a swelling size of 5 mm or less, 3 lesions around 1 cm, and 3 lesions around 2 cm.
Cases that were not visualized with a size of 1 cm or more were cases close to the diaphragm or cases after treatment for primary liver cancer.
It was expected that a swelling with a size of 5 mm or more could be visualized, and it was shown that it is useful for diagnosis when used in combination with other MRI imaging methods and examination methods.
Regarding the lower limb arterography CT, which has become possible to take a wide range of images by MDCT, the usefulness and problems of evaluation using three-dimensional (3D) reconstructed images were mentioned, and improvement measures were examined.
The subjects were 46 lesions in 20 cases who underwent CTA of the lower limbs due to arteriosclerosis obliterans.
As a result, half of the cases in which the 3D image was inferior to the original image in both the central group and the peripheral group.
For 14 lesions impaired by calcification, the lumen patency rate was compared between the 3D image and the original image.
In the highly calcified group with calcification ranging from 3/4 to the entire circumference, the difference was close to 60%, and it was found that the disparity in evaluation widened.
When the 3D image and the original image were compared with respect to the 16 sites where the collateral blood vessels were observed, a 3D image in which 15 sites were comparable to the original image was obtained.
First, the ability to repair articular cartilage, repair by bone marrow stimulation, and repair by autologous chondrocyte transplantation were described.
Next, we outlined the repair of osteochondral defects by autologous bone marrow mesenchymal cell transplantation in rabbits.
Furthermore, we explained the results of repair of cartilage defects by autologous bone marrow mesenchymal cell transplantation in humans.
Good repair results were observed in the cell transplant group.
Next, we explained future issues such as selection of cell populations to be transplanted, administration of growth factors, and gene transfer.
In order to clarify the above-mentioned matters, the average number of dusts, the number of airborne bacteria, and the number of falling bacterial colonies in the operating room and the intensive care unit (ICU) were compared before and after the introduction of the lower leg (one-legged system).
In the operating room in use, the average number of dust particles increased slightly after the introduction of the one-legged system, and the number of times the NASA class exceeded 10,000 increased significantly.
There was no change in the average dust count in the operating room during non-use.
There was no significant change in the average dust count in the ICU, but the frequency of NASA class 10,000 or less increased.
No changes were observed in the number of airborne bacteria and the number of falling bacterial colonies in either the operating room or the ICU before and after the introduction of the one-legged system.
In air-conditioned operating rooms and ICUs, it was suggested that the one-legged system did not affect air cleanliness.
We reported on the development and in vivo test of hydroxyapatite-based porous artificial bone.
In order to ensure excellent bone conductivity and strength, we have developed a hydroxyapatite-based porous material with optimized air bubble and communication hole diameters by the foam slurry method.
It is also highly suitable for application to bone regeneration using bone marrow cells.
By optimizing the conditions such as pH and temperature, an apatite / collagen fiber composite material having the same orientation direction was prepared from a solution of phosphoric acid, calcium and collagen.
This composite material was mixed with a collagen solution to prepare a sponge-like soft material.
Animal experiments have confirmed excellent bioabsorbability and bone regeneration properties.
Trauma associated with posterior dislocation of the elbow joint (medial collateral ligament injury), fracture of the head of the radius, and fracture of the ulnar scrotum is often called terrible triad (TT) and is difficult to treat.
The treatment results of 11 cases of elbow joint TT were introduced.
Invasive treatment was performed in 10 patients, and 1 patient received conservative treatment with cast fixation only.
Relatively good results were obtained by actively osteosynthesizing the radial head fracture and the ulnar uncinate process fracture.
Postoperative external fixation should be limited to within 2 weeks.
Ligament reconstruction, such as for the anterior cruciate ligament (ACL), has made significant progress.
The recent basic research on ACL ligament reconstruction was described.
The study of joint kinematics after ACL reconstruction using robotics and the study of postoperative transplantation healing promoting effect using growth factors were outlined.
As an application of tissue engineering cell therapy to ACL reconstruction, there is a high possibility that it will be applied to knee ligament reconstruction using fibrin searant.
For basic research on ligament reconstruction, it is important to study from both sides of biomechanics research and biological research.
First, we described the site of recurrence in cases of thoracic esophageal cancer resection, examination methods for lymph node recurrence, and selection of treatment methods for lymph node recurrence.
He also explained the indications for surgery for recurrence of lymph nodes in the mediastinum and abdomen.
In addition, we described lymph node dissection for lymph node recurrence after chemoradiotherapy.
Familial amyloid polyneuropathy (FAP) is not a region-specific disease, but a relatively common disease among hereditary neuropathy in Japan.
In Japan, more than 60 patients have already received this treatment.
After transplantation, the progression of peripheral neurological symptoms and autonomic nervous symptoms stopped, and the 5-year survival rate after surgery was 77%.
The postoperative course is good for patients who are early after the onset of illness (around 5 years), have no cardiac / renal disorders, and are in good nutrition.
He said that FAP is aware that it can escape from intractable diseases by popularizing genetic diagnosis and introducing liver transplantation as a treatment.
Although it is rare to experience non-specific reactions in daily tests, there is no need to investigate the cause and improve the reagents.
This time, we investigated the cause of non-specific reaction in the measurement of HBs antigen (Ag) and HBe antigen in blood diseases, and introduced the improvement of reagents.
In June 1997, the measurement of HBs antigen, antibody (Ab), HBe antigen, antibody and HCV antibody was started by the ELSIA-F750 automatic immunoassay device based on ELISA (enzyme immunoassay).
The case was an infectious disease test of an untreated acute myeloid leukemia who was hospitalized for bone marrow transplantation. is there.
A dedicated measuring container for F-750 to which no antibody protein is bound, for the purpose of confirming whether non-specific substances are already bound in the primary reaction from the measurement process and each reagent composition and observing the difference between items depending on the reagent composition. Each item was measured with.
As a result of the examination, it was possible to avoid the non-specific reaction by adding 1% casein to the HBsAg and HBeAg buffer solutions or changing the blocking agent.
In recent years, non-alcoholic fatty liver disorder (NAFLD) has increased rapidly due to changes in lifestyle.
The main etiology of NAFLD is obesity and insulin resistance, and most cases are complicated by lifestyle-related diseases.
Most NAFLDs do not progress in fatty liver, but about 10% of them are non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH), which progresses to cirrhosis and hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC).
In this paper, we described the natural history of NAFLD and NASH, described the fibrosis of NASH, its severity predictor and liver cirrhosis, and described the relationship between obesity and NASH and the relationship between NASH and HCC.
We reported the above-mentioned cases of 54-year-old and 84-year-old women.
In case 1, the anticancer drug leaked out of the blood vessel, redness, induration, and crushed skin occurred during chemotherapy after surgery for ovarian cancer.
In case 2, redness, induration, and skin crushing occurred during chemotherapy for liver metastasis of rectal cancer.
Conservative therapy was performed in both cases.
When the boundaries of the lesions became clear, surgical treatment was performed.
The postoperative course was good in both cases.
Three cases of lumbar spinal stenosis with anti-paralysis were examined for postoperative results and related factors.
No significant improvement in paralysis was observed after surgery in all 3 cases.
In cases 1 and 2, it is considered that the long time until surgery was a factor of poor performance.
On the other hand, in case 3, although the period until surgery was short, it is considered that the results were poor due to the severe paralysis of MMT1.
From the above, it is said that in elderly people aged 70 years or older, in cases including cauda equina type with bladder dysfunction, the period until surgery is long, and in cases with severe hemp, surgery does not necessarily result in significant improvement in hemp. Think.
The National Hospital Organization Kanmon Medical Center (National Shimonoseki Hospital) opened a general medical care for women on September 30, 2002.
In the three years and one month from the establishment to October 31, 2005, the number of first-visit patients was 808.
The background of the establishment, the flow of medical care, the needs of the examinees, the outline of medical care, and the network inside and outside the hospital were outlined.
Screening MRI was reviewed, especially for disc hyperintensity, which appears to be the most common case diagnosed with infectious myelitis.
Of the 684 lumbar MRI images (355 males, 349 females, 5 months to 89 years old), 298 cases showed disc hyperintensity.
According to the findings of purulent spondylitis, the shape of the intervertebral disc and the hyperintensity pattern on the T2-weighted image were classified into 7 patterns.
As a result, there were 8 cases in which the T pattern of flattened irregular low signal intervertebral disc-shaped high signal, which is considered to be a typical signal intensity, was exhibited but did not give the impression of purulent spondylitis.
No soft tissue thickening or abnormal endplate signal intensity was observed in these cases.
In addition, there are cases that show a pattern that is often seen in degenerative lumbar spondylosis and compression fractures, and a pattern that is seen in normal discs and lumbar disc herniated disks. There is a need.
The indication of conservative therapy for carpal tunnel syndrome (CTS) depends on the severity at the time of initial diagnosis, the duration of illness, age, and subjective symptoms such as numbness.
Elderly people who complain of pain may be advised to undergo surgery without adhering to conservative therapy.
As a practice of conservative therapy, steroid injection and orthosis therapy were compared.
All of them can be expected to have the same therapeutic effect, but there is a possibility of complications and recurrence with steroids.
CTS is common among middle-aged and older women, and lifestyle guidance is important when there is overuse of the hands.
The side effects of oral anticancer drugs commonly used in breast cancer outpatient clinics and their countermeasures were outlined.
The position of oral anticancer drugs in the treatment of breast cancer was described.
As characteristic side effects of oral anticancer drugs and their countermeasures, metabolic anticancer drugs (anorexia, nausea / vomiting, myelosuppression, etc.) and alkylating agents (hemorrhagic bladder inflammation, etc.) were mentioned.
Furthermore, the points of interaction and medication instruction were shown.
The usefulness of serum interleukin 18 (IL-18) concentration as a clinical parameter during burns was investigated.
The 25 target patients were 22 survivors and 3 dead, with an average total burn area (TBSA) of 27.1% (1-93%) and an average burn index (BI) of 19.6.
It showed a negative correlation with the oxygenation index and a positive correlation with the severity (SOFA score).
The average of survivors was 334 pg / mL, while the average of deaths was 626 pg / mL, and the average value of survivors was lower than that of deaths.
It was suggested that serum IL-18 concentration may be useful as a clinical parameter of the inflammatory response due to burns.
Results from total hip arthroplasty (THA) are stable in the medium term.
It is an important responsibility for orthopedic surgeons to avoid complications.
The pathophysiology of postoperative dislocation was explained.
Possible causes include abnormal installation of socket and stem components, collision between the pelvis and femur due to leftover osteophytes, collision between the socket margin and stem neck, and insufficient tension in soft tissues.
There are also abduction muscle group dysfunction, muscle weakness, greater trochanter union failure, and excessive external force.
Hereditary complement third factor (C3) deficiency is an extremely rare disease.
This time, as a result of a blood test of a 7-year-old boy who had abnormalities in school urinalysis, C3: 0 mg / dl, C4: 18 mg / dl, and CH50: 16 U / ml were found.
Hereditary C3 deficiency was suspected because the parents were related, and the family and siblings were searched.
As a result of genetic analysis, a bibase deletion in exon 29 was found in the affected child as a homozygous, and in the parents as a heterozygous, and a diagnosis of hereditary C3 deficiency was made.
Nine cases have been reported so far in the literature, and in most cases the parents were related and the mutation was homozygous.
We discussed the mechanism of why hereditary C3 deficiency is less frequent than other complement deficiencies and why homozygotes are more common from the biosynthetic process of C3 molecules.
I explained about thyrotoxicosis.
The pathogenesis and classification of thyrotoxicosis and its symptoms were described.
He described the treatment of Graves' disease (side effects of antithyroid and antithyroid drugs, radioiodine therapy, surgical therapy), diagnosis and treatment of Plummer's disease, hCG stimulation, iodine induction, and thyroid hormone intoxication.
In addition, he gave advice to residents.
First, we described the advantages and disadvantages of clinical pathways.
Next, we outlined the problems in applying clinical pathways to esophageal cancer surgery and the cases of esophageal cancer to which clinical pathways are applied.
Next, regarding the clinical pathway for medical staff for esophageal cancer surgery, the characteristics, preoperative management, postoperative ICU, postoperative management in the ward, and oral intake were explained.
Furthermore, the clinical pathway for patients for esophageal cancer surgery was explained.
Finally, we described the recording and analysis of variance.
It was suggested that clarifying the problems by analyzing the variance would be useful for improving the quality of medical care.
He explained autopsy imaging (Ai) technology, including post-mortem imaging.
By using Ai technology, the decrease in anatomical rate can be compensated.
It is also effective in criminal investigations and can identify the cause of death.
Ai stated that it was a fusion of pathology and diagnostic imaging, and showed a difference from anatomy.
Of the 1621 people who underwent a resident examination in Hisayama Town, Fukuoka Prefecture, 937 people who were able to determine the angiotensin converting enzyme gene polymorphism were followed up for 32 years.
DNA was extracted from blood samples of surviving cases, paraffin samples of autopsy cases, and fresh frozen specimens, and the angiotensin converting enzyme gene polymorphism was determined by the PCR method.
During the follow-up period, 176 people died from malignant tumors.
When the association between smoking and tumor death was examined by angiotensin converting enzyme gene polymorphism, the effect of smoking on DD type was about twice as large as that on type II and ID type.
In this paper, we introduced the check-up work for brought-in drugs by assigning a pharmacist to the same corner according to the scheduled hospitalization time of the patient.
It was shown that the new system of this hospital can check about 80% of inpatients a day in just 2 hours, and about 91% of patients with brought-in medicine can be confirmed only by checking at the same corner.
He said that our system is one of the efficient check systems for brought-in medicines, and it is also the time when the pharmacist's profession can be most appealed to patients.
As the share of generic drugs (GE drugs) increases and the opportunities for use by more people increase, the social responsibility of GE drug companies is also increasing.
Sawai Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. is at the forefront of companies that manufacture and sell GE drugs, and has promoted the existence of GE drugs and their social significance to the public through various media.
This paper outlines our efforts on GE pharmaceuticals.
In the future, he said that it is necessary to make efforts to improve reliability including the quality of GE drugs, in addition to activities to promote the use of GE drugs.
We reported a case of Akatsuki disease in a 45-year-old woman.
After using the new cosmetics, a rash was found on the face.
Oral steroids and external use of steroid ointment and zinc oxide ointment were performed.
Symptomatology improved 2 months after administration.
Contact dermatitis caused by cosmetics and Akatsuki disease were suspected.
Since the pathological condition of RSD is not uniform, it is necessary to select a treatment method suitable for the pathological condition.
A pharmacological pain mechanism discrimination test (DCT) was described as one method for determining the pain mechanism.
As the mechanism of neuropathic pain, we outlined the occurrence of ectopic nerve firing, the involvement of sympathetic nerves, changes in the posterior horn of the spinal cord, sensitization of secondary neurons, and memory of pain.
Phentolamine, morphine, lidocaine, or naloxone are used as test drugs.
Subsequent treatments were mentioned.
Viral and immunoserologic tests were performed on BALF and plasma in 14 patients with idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis (IPF) and 8 patients hospitalized for acute exacerbation of IPF.
Cytokines significantly increased in BALF during the acute exacerbation period compared to the IPF stable period were measured in 17 types of insects and 13 types, and IL-6, TNFα, and IFNγ tended to be particularly high in patients with poor prognosis. ..
In 3 cases in which BALF could be re-examined during the course of acute exacerbation treatment, IL-2, IL-5, and IL-6 tended to decrease regardless of the prognosis, and IL-8, IFNγ, and TNFα had a poor prognosis. Showed an upward trend.
In plasma, IL-6, IL-7, IL-8, and IL-10 were significantly increased during acute exacerbation compared to the stable period.
The basic condition of bronchial asthma is chronic airway inflammation.
Airway inflammation involves many cells, including eosinophils, T cells, mast cells, neutrophils, macrophages, and airway epithelium, and various humoral factors.
It is important that Th2 cytokines are involved not only in the central airway but also in the peripheral airway as the site of airway inflammation.
Furthermore, the pathophysiology of airway remodeling such as airway epithelial cell detachment and embryonic cellization, basement membrane thickening, airway smooth muscle hypertrophy / hyperplasia, and angiogenesis became clear, resulting in irreversible airway obstruction and chronic airway hyperresponsiveness. It causes severe and intractable asthma.
In the treatment of asthma, it is important to introduce anti-inflammatory drugs, mainly inhaled corticosteroids, from an early stage in order to suppress airway remodeling in addition to controlling allergic inflammation.
Bronchial asthma is characterized by repeated paroxysmal wheezing, dyspnea, and coughing, which are more likely to occur at night or early in the morning, and are characterized by continuous wheezing, especially harmonic wheezing, on auscultatory findings.
Furthermore, the diagnosis of asthma requires an objective evaluation of airflow restriction by a respiratory function test.
Evaluate with spirometry or peak flow meter and perform airway hyperresponsiveness test.
Airway inflammation is evaluated by sputum examination, exhaled nitric oxide concentration measurement, exhaled condensate measurement, and allergological examination.
Diseases that cause wheezing and dyspnea, such as chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, left heart failure, and hyperventilation syndrome, are targeted for differentiation.
It is clinically important that 1) symptoms resulting from airflow restriction occur in paroxysmal repetitiveness, 2) airflow restriction is at least partially reversible, and 3) other diseases are excluded. ..
As a result of our genetic analysis, it was speculated that the IL-17F gene may play an important role in the pathophysiology of asthma.
PAI-1 may be deeply involved in the formation of airway remodeling, and functional polymorphisms in the PAI-1 gene are genetic factors that determine whether airway remodeling is facilitated. It is considered to be one of.
CCL5 is a chemokine strongly induced from the airway epithelium during viral infection and may play an important role in the acquisition of chronic airway inflammation, especially in elderly asthma.
Focusing on the role of macrophage migration inhibitory factors, it was speculated that the innate immune system is deeply involved in the pathophysiology of allergies.
From the above, the understanding of the disease was deepened by clarifying the common pathophysiological pathway at the molecular level.
By targeting these routes, we hope to contribute to the advancement of asthma prevention and treatment.
An outline of electrocardiogram-synchronized reconstructed CT angiography (4D-CTA) developed to accurately grasp the dynamic state of the cerebral aneurysm wall.
4D-CTA S-MPR was able to obtain an objective cerebral aneurysm image for image processing.
Blood sampling is currently indispensable for measuring blood glucose levels for diagnosing diabetes.
Realization of non-invasive blood glucose measurement is desired.
In this paper, we reported the acquisition of basic data for internal temperature estimation using MRI.
In the millimeter-wave region, the possibility of in vivo measurement of blood glucose level was investigated by measuring the resonance characteristics using a patch antenna excited by a waveguide.
It was confirmed that the temperature distribution measurement can be realized by the difference of the T2 phase image.
This method can be used as a non-invasive temperature monitor inside the living body in various treatment systems.
The clinical features and molecular genetic features of Enhanced S-Cone Syndrome (ESCS) were outlined, including our own cases.
The clinical features of ESCS include awareness of night blindness, presence of hyperopia, cystic macula, retinitis pigmentosa from the vascular arcade to the middle periphery, attenuation of cone reaction and 30 Hz flicker reaction as ERG findings, and flash ERG. There are similarities in the pyramidal ERG waveform.
The causative gene is the NR2E3 gene.
As our case studies, we selected a 17-year-old male patient with heterozygous mutant parents and a 33-year-old female patient who was mild in terms of maintaining visual function.
The case was a 47-year-old woman with a complaint of lower abdominal bloating.
Uterine leiomyoma was most suspected by various examinations including pelvic MRI, but a gynecological open abdominal hysterectomy and bilateral adnexectomy were performed based on the preoperative diagnosis that a malignant tumor could not be ruled out.
Histopathologically, the diagnosis was metastatic uterine cancer, and as a result of detailed examination of the primary lesion, it was found to be bilateral breast cancer.
After preoperative systemic chemotherapy, left pectoralis major muscle-preserving mastectomy, left axillary lymph node dissection, and right partial mastectomy were performed.
Postoperative radiation was performed on the left chest wall, right-sparing mammary gland, and right axilla.
16 months after the operation, tumor markers re-elevated, and the progression of symptoms could not be stopped, and he died of cancerous peritonitis.
Ricin, botulinum toxin, and verotoxin are highly toxic protein toxins of concern for use in biochemical weapons or bioterrorism.
The National Research Institute of Police Science, the Faculty of Engineering, Nagoya University, and Gifu Pharmaceutical University have jointly developed an accurate and rapid detection method for these toxins.
The detection principle using sugar chains is characteristic, and it is a method combined with the surface plasmon resonance (SPR) method.
It is a highly reliable and easy-to-use method that saves a lot of time compared to the conventional method.
We reported a case of linear scleroderma (16-year-old woman) with spina bifida.
Erythema appeared linearly from the right buttock to the thigh.
Based on clinical laboratory findings, histopathological findings, and imaging findings, we diagnosed spina bifida with linear scleroderma.
Mometasone furoate ointment alleviated the depression slightly, but the depression from normal skin continued.
It has been reported that the West Nile virus (WNV) NS4B protein, along with other viral proteins, becomes an interferon antagonist and is localized in the cell nucleus in the later stages of infection.
It was observed that the NS4B protein is localized in the nucleus not only in virus-infected cells but also in non-infected cells as a fusion protein to which a red fluorescent dye is added.
Analysis of defective mutants revealed that the C-terminal 50 amino acids of this protein are important for nuclear translocation of the NS4B protein.
In addition, many NS4B proteins are localized in the nucleus of dividing cells, suggesting that they are involved in the regulation of cell division.
Hepatocellular carcinoma has fewer lymph node metastases and distant metastases than intrahepatic bile duct cancer, which is the same primary liver cancer.
However, it often forms multiple masses, making treatment difficult.
It has become clear that multiple tumor formations occur in multiple centers with the underlying liver lesions.
For patients with hepatocellular carcinoma who have hepatitis, cirrhosis, etc. in the background, it is necessary to always keep multicentric carcinogenesis in mind.
In this paper, we have explained the findings on multicentric carcinogenesis and the practical identification method for multicentric development.
The liver is the first organ to which portal blood flow from gastrointestinal organs flows in, and is the organ with the highest metastasis frequency of gastrointestinal cancer.
This paper outlines each treatment method for metastatic liver cancer, mainly colorectal cancer.
First, the evaluation method for liver metastasis and the search method for extrahepatic lesions were described.
Next, the epidemiology of colorectal cancer liver metastasis was described, and regarding liver metastasis of colorectal cancer, surgical therapy, intraarterial infusion chemotherapy, local therapy, and systemic chemotherapy were described.
Finally, the treatment method for liver metastasis of neuroendocrine tumor was described.
We reported a case of cutaneous focal mucinosis in a 54-year-old woman.
Two years ago, a pink, shiny nodule with a diameter of 10 mm appeared on the left labia majora and gradually expanded.
A simple excision was performed at a distance of 2 mm.
Based on histopathological findings, the diagnosis was cutaneous focal tissue.
There was no recurrence for 5 months after the operation.
Blood T4 after T3 administration / Blood T4 <60% before T3 administration was used as an index of remission.
Using this index as a guide, recurrence of Graves' disease was not observed for 1 year immediately after discontinuation of antithyroid drug, and recurrence was observed in only 16 of 146 cases in 5 years.
Its recurrence rate was 11%, which was extremely superior to other reports.
We report a 17-year-old female who showed different results depending on the menstrual cycle despite conducting a similar cold stimulation test.
The cold stimulation test was continuously performed 2 weeks, 6 days, and 6 days after the start of menstruation to determine the plasma histamine level and urinary N-methylhistamine level (NMH) before and after the loading.
We also measured changes in sex hormones due to menstruation.
Measurement of urinary NMH was considered to be useful for the diagnosis of cold urticaria.
In the United States, the breech birth rate increased dramatically to 80-90% in the 1980s and remains almost unchanged today.
External rotation is usually performed at 37 weeks.
Pelvic imaging is performed in cases where external rotation is unsuccessful.
We will try trial delivery for cases that meet the conditions for continuous delivery, but it is often changed if there is any problem, and the cesarean section rate will not decrease in the future.
After surgery for subarachnoid hemorrhage, she experienced nursing for a 49-year-old female patient who suffered from cerebral infarction and bilateral paralysis.
Nursing goals were to prevent danger, detect abnormalities at an early stage, expand ADL (Activities of Daily Living), and become independent, and devised self-help tools.
As a result, he became completely independent and had no ADL, but he made considerable progress compared to when he was hospitalized.
Regarding meals, the assistance changed from full assistance to semi-assistance.
Urination and urination still take time
A 78-year-old woman who was receiving 12 mg of trichlorothiazide (I) daily due to hypertension suddenly lost consciousness during intravenous injection of sodium hydrogen carbonate for the treatment of vertigo during movement.
In this case, overdose of I causes electrolyte abnormalities such as hypokalemia, and causes various arrhythmias such as sinus bradycardia, atrial fibrillation, complete left bundle branch block, and supraventricular / ventricular extrasystole. I thought it was.
K replacement therapy alone was not sufficient, and artificial pacemaker therapy was effective.
We considered the involvement of trigger activity as a mechanism for the generation of various ventricular arrhythmias.
We reported the outline of the title group diarrhea.
As a result of PCR on the stool collected from 99 kindergarten children, the marked Escherichia coli was detected in 3 of them.
In addition, 16 strains producing the title toxin were isolated from a total of 579 samples of 155 people involved.
There was no problem with water supply and drainage, and the causative food was unknown, but the disinfectant was not installed, and both the sewage treatment sink and the diaper storage case could be touched by the kindergarten children.
It has become clear that the majority of spondylolysis is caused by extreme sports activities during the developmental period.
The diagnosis of spondylolysis can be made earlier than the X-ray diagnosis by MRI, and the treatment result by conservative therapy is significantly improved.
When MRI was performed on those who complained of low back pain at a junior high school examination, a low brightness change was observed in 51%.
These were all relieved by wearing lumbar orthosis or restricted movement.
MRI diagnosis is recommended for junior high school students who have no obvious cause and have low back pain for more than a month.
In recent years, many "asymptomatic gallstones" that do not have the symptoms peculiar to gallstones have been observed.
It is said that 95% or more of the sites are sac stones, but common bile duct stones and intrahepatic stones may also be found asymptomatic.
The basic policy for the treatment of asymptomatic gallstones is follow-up.
The diagnosis of gout confirms that persistent hyperuricemia is present and that needle-like crystals of sodium urate precipitate in the joint fluid during an acute arthritis attack and that polynuclear leukocytes are eating it. it can.
It is necessary to distinguish it from rheumatoid arthritis and pseudogout.
In addition, the disease type is diagnosed by the uric acid clearance test.
In addition, the tests necessary for complication diagnosis, treatment, and follow-up were also described.
The once-daily administration of H2 blocker (I) and proton pump inhibitor (II) currently available in Japan was explained.
The main ones of I are cimetidine, ranitidine, famotidine, etc., and there is no difference in the cure rate between once-daily administration and twice-daily administration.
As for the administration time, famotidine was excellently administered once in the morning.
There were omeprazole and lansoprazole in II, and there was no difference in the cure rate depending on the time of injection.
Lisinopril (10 mg) was administered once in the morning to 20 patients with cerebrovascular accidents with moderate or higher hypertension, and its usefulness was examined from the viewpoint of diurnal blood pressure fluctuation 4 to 8 weeks later.
A uniform decrease in blood pressure was observed during the day and at night, and the blood pressure was lowered without changing the diurnal variation.
In this case, no worsening of neurological symptoms was seen in the follow-up survey 1 year after administration, and the course has been favorable.
An open study was conducted in 158 patients with stroke in a multicenter collaboration to examine the effects and antihypertensive effects of the above-mentioned drugs on subjective symptoms, psychiatric symptoms, and neurological symptoms.
It was shown to be effective in improving the subjective symptoms associated with stroke and improving psychiatric symptoms.
By disease, subarachnoid hemorrhage showed a high degree of improvement.
It did not show a rapid decrease in blood pressure, and showed a slow and reliable antihypertensive effect especially on borderline blood pressure.
Saline method is performed to detect complete antibody, enzyme method, albumin method, and indirect antiglobulin test are performed to detect incomplete antibody.
The points to be noted in operation in each test method, abnormal reactions and their countermeasures were outlined.
It is essential to perform irregular antibody screening prior to the title test.
It is necessary to clarify the manual of the title test for emergency blood transfusion.
We discussed non-metallic prosthetics and orthotics materials other than plastic.
The superiority and inferiority of each type and property of natural materials and artificial materials were described.
Natural organic matter is a biological material, and some artificial materials have reached or surpassed the target of natural materials.
He stated that they are materials that are close to human organisms and that their proper use in prosthetics and orthotics materials must be guaranteed.
The incidence of 212 cases (1970-1993) was highest among men aged 60-69, and women aged 20-29 were more common than men of the same age.
Eighty-three percent were self-healing without special treatment.
42% of the total had a history of taking drugs containing SH groups, and there was no difference in the distribution of cases depending on the place of residence.
We reported a rare case (male, 25 years old) with Graves' disease and marked hypercalcemia.
In this case, generalized weakness was remarkable, and the serum calcium level was 12.5 mg / dl and the calcium ion was 3.14 mEq / l, showing marked hypercalcemia.
Significant hypercalcemia was improved within a few days by a large amount of infusion, and serum calcium level was normalized by normalization of blood thyroid hormone by administration of antithyroid drug.
Emphasized the importance of searching for exacerbating factors and optimal treatment
We have outlined the indicators of nutrition therapy centered on energy and protein that are directly related to undernutrition in dialysis patients.
The main nutritional indicators are the measurement of energy sources (fat) and protein sources (muscle protein, visceral protein) in the body.
In addition, proper exercise therapy based on prescription is indispensable, and indicators such as exercise tolerance will be required in the future.
The respiratory infection defense mechanism and treatment of chronic respiratory tract infections are shown in figures and tables, and the pathophysiology of chronic respiratory tract infections and the principles of treatment are briefly explained.
Next, typical pathogenic bacteria are summarized in a table, their characteristics are described, and antibacterial drug therapy is described by pathogenic bacteria.
In addition, points to note in outpatient or home treatment were shown.
Finally, we introduced the significance of macrolide low-dose long-term therapy for chronic respiratory tract infections.
He described a study that dissected the relationship between central convulsions and intracerebral histamine levels.
There was an inverse correlation between intracerebral histamine levels and the duration of clonic convulsions, and no correlation with the duration of tonic convulsions.
The histamine neuronal mechanism has shown an important role in inhibiting the duration of clonic convulsions.
Centrally active H1 receptor blockers should not be given to children
For 12 cases of skin crushing with infectious diseases such as incision and drainage, sucrose / povidone iodine combination ointment Eupasta is used in the tampon method and its clinical usefulness. It was investigated.
Both the size and depth of the crush were significantly reduced.
The degree of improvement by symptomatology was 100% in all items such as granulation and epidermis formation.
No side effects were observed
73 clinically isolated strains were included.
The correlation between the results of this kit and the MIC value of methicillin was good, but 1 out of 40 strains that were sensitive to methicillin was positive for the mecA gene.
The detection sensitivity was not always sufficient when using bacterial cells as compared to when using DNA.
Electrophoresis was more stable in terms of simultaneous reproducibility of the detection system.
A difference was observed depending on the reaction temperature, and a large variation was also observed in the daily difference reproducibility.
The legal characteristics of over-the-counter drugs have been described.
Next, we described how to handle over-the-counter drugs from the viewpoint of the necessity of pharmacy using drugs and clinical pharmacy for pharmacy pharmacists.
Furthermore, we considered the specific development of "clinical pharmacy" in local pharmacy pharmacists.
Finally, he described the ideal way of pharmacist education for pharmacy medical science.
A 58-year-old woman presented with progressive wobbling during walking, dysuria, and dementia.
Temporary improvement was seen with acyclovir.
Cerebrospinal fluid examination showed increased cell / protein and simple eruption virus antibody titer, and MRI showed bilateral temporal lobe lesions.
The lack of headache, fever and other meningeal irritation symptoms, unclear temporal lobe symptoms, chronic progressive course, and dementia in the panoramic view seemed to be peculiar to the title encephalitis.
For 15 nurses working in the day shift, the method using Am-Fit, which measures the shape of the foot with a digitizer, and the arch height ratio, which is the ratio of the height of the scaphoid rough surface to the length of the foot, expressed as a percentage. The title was examined according to the measurement method.
Eight people were sued for foot complaints.
After work, the foot arch height decreased in almost all cases, and the rate of decrease in arch height was larger than that in the group without foot complaints.
It was suggested that the decrease in foot arch height may affect foot complaints.
Adjustments were made at the handicap level through the return to compulsory education for the three cases marked.
As patients and their families increased their independence in activities of daily living due to rehabilitation, they began to desire to return to regular school.
Returning to school was realized by the medical side having the role of understanding the disability to the school and the board of education and medical management after returning to school.
A comprehensive rehabilitation system was considered necessary
By adopting the streptavidin tube method, it has become possible to measure multiple items with the same tube.
As a result, improvement in measurement sensitivity, improvement in reproducibility, and improvement in reagent stability were observed.
By using the fully automatic EIA analyzer ES600, it is possible to process a large number of samples at once.
We investigated the history of the Department of Music Education and Music Therapy, Faculty of Education, Kansas University.
We investigated the transition of the five years from the year following the death of the founder of the university, Mr. Gaston.
The music therapy program, academic advisor, academic advisor's achievements, student names and number of students are summarized.
Our music therapy program is very well known and attracts the interest of many students.
Through this survey, we were able to create a list of all students, including bachelor's and doctoral graduates.
The artificial kidney was divided into the fields of chronic hemodialysis and emergency / intensive medical care, and the current situation and future development trends in each field were explained.
First, he touched on treatment methods in the field of chronic hemodialysis, explained the current state of membrane materials that are changing from cellulose to various plastics, and touched on biocompatibility such as antithrombotic properties.
He also described continuous blood filtration and continuous blood filtration dialysis in the field of emergency and intensive medicine.
He also described the outline of the treatment method and the characteristics of hollow fiber membranes in which polyacrylonitrile and polymethylmethacrylate are used.
In dogs with gastric fistula, a gastric acid secretion test with insulin loading and a gastric excretion test with acetaminophen were performed.
An acid-reducing effect was observed after the operation, but no significant change was observed in gastric emptying ability.
Next, laparoscopic vagal nerve dissection was performed as additional acid reduction surgery for laparoscopic simple closure in patients with duodenal perforation.
This operation showed a good acid reduction effect and an increase in gastric emptying ability.
Responses were received from 70 patients.
Many patients answered that they enjoyed it, and some of them showed movement at the emotional level.
With the consent of the patient, a video was taken and the patient's appearance at the time of participation was observed.
We also examined patient reactions and behavioral records before and after participation by ward nurses.
We examined the long-term clinical results of 93 patients and 94 knees who underwent high-level osteotomy for knee osteoarthritis of the medial type and medial / patellar type, more than 10 years after the operation.
At the time of the survey, the knee osteoarthritis standing front X-ray image showed an average of 170.6 degrees and the correction target angle was maintained.
The pain was markedly improved or disappeared in all cases.
In addition, the walking distance was doubled before the operation, and it was confirmed that there was no inconvenience in climbing stairs.
The clinical effect of Keishi Bukureimaru was examined in 23 patients with multiple cerebral infarction (mean 66.7 ± 10.3 years).
It has been clarified that it has an effect of improving erythrocyte aggregation ability, which is considered to be a risk factor for the onset of cerebral infarction, and fibrinogen level, which is an influential factor thereof.
Its action depended on the importance of the oriental medical condition "blood syndrome".
It was speculated that this drug may suppress the onset of cerebral infarction.
A 53-year-old male case was examined.
The first symptoms were shortness of breath during exertion and right hypochondrial pain, and pericarditis that had already been completed was confirmed by a pericardial catheter.
About two years later, he died of respiratory failure due to pneumonia.
The heart weight was 740 g, and marked pericardial thickening and adhesions were observed.
The pericardium showed necrotic tissue and lymphocyte invasion with nuclear atypia, and the same findings were also found in the myocardium.
It was thought that malignant lymphoma of the para-aortic lymph node led to constrictive pericarditis.
We report a case of Parkinson's disease (P) that has been effective on a low-protein diet for a long period of time.
More than 10 years after the onset of illness, side effects due to long-term administration of levodopa (I) -based anti-P agent were conspicuous, and a low-protein diet of 6 g each for breakfast and lunch was used in combination.
It showed stabilization of neurological symptoms and reduction of I side effects.
This effect was maintained for 2 years, there was no nutritional disorder, and it was suggested that the combined use of this therapy would be useful for P in the long term.
The single nerve discharge of the skin nociceptor (R) in SD rats was recorded, and the effect of quinoform (C) on the thermal reaction was examined.
No clear change was shown in the thermal reaction of the control group in which only the dimethyl sulfoxide solution was administered.
In the C-administered group, R activity was clearly enhanced over 240 minutes.
It was suggested that there was an increase in R activity under the hyperalgesia seen in the behavior of C.
Moxibustion treatment (9.9 months, average 32.3 times) was performed on 102 SMON patients, and the transition of abnormal perception and indefinite complaints was evaluated.
The level and degree of abnormal perception did not change, but "tingling feeling" and "pain" showed improvement of 5% or more.
Indefinite complaints showed more than 10% improvement in diarrhea, loss of appetite, bladder disorder, and headache.
Immediately after the procedure, there were subjective cases such as "lightness of the whole body", "tightness", and "warmth of the lower limbs".
We made a comprehensive research report on the title in 1994 (19 papers).
Emphasis was placed on the development of mechanisms and prevention of immature neuronal necrosis.
Clinically, the research objectives were to elucidate the mechanism of cerebral circulatory disorders from the fetal period to the neonatal period, and to develop early diagnosis and treatment methods.
A forward-looking joint research on pregnant women, foets, and newborns from the first half of the year is also ongoing
When performing survival time analysis for the onset and progression of diabetic retinopathy, we examined a statistical analysis method for data including exclusion of cases in which an event had already occurred at the start (left censored).
As a result, it was confirmed that a high bias occurs in the estimation of the survival time distribution in the analysis that ignores the left-side censoring that is usually performed.
It was also found that applying the Weibull distribution to survival time by the parametric maximum likelihood method may cause a bias.
An approach that estimates the basal survival function by a nonparametric method after adjusting the effects of risk factors by a parametric method was considered to be effective.
The LDH activity measurement reagent "Espa LDH Liquid" (Nipro) based on the JSCC recommendation method was examined.
Furthermore, the relationship with the P → L method currently used in many facilities and the relationship with JSCC-compliant reagents of other companies were also examined.
As a result, "Espa LDH Liquid" was a reagent with good precision and accuracy, and its performance could be maintained for a long period of time.
In addition, differences between manufacturers and differences in activity values based on the recommended method of the P → L method were also observed.
He described Chinese medicine after abdominal surgery in adults, especially Daikenchuto for anastomotic stenosis, Daikenchuto for intestinal obstruction, and Hochuekkito for postoperative bone metabolism disorders.
Bukureisan reduces passage obstruction by the water-utilizing action of the component Bukurei and the digestion and absorption promoting action of ginseng.
Daikenchuto promotes gastrointestinal motility in many ways.
He stated that the supplement is effective in promoting postoperative digestion and absorption and improving metabolism.
Twenty-nine patients with acute pulmonary embolus were examined for changes over time in the electrocardiogram from before the onset to one month after the onset.
Compared to the day of onset, QT prolongation became apparent in V1 and 2 from the next day onward.
QT prolongation was more pronounced in patients with high pulmonary arterial pressure.
The usefulness of QT prolongation of right chest induction in understanding the pathophysiology of this disease was suggested.
During gestation, the liver and intestine were observed extracorporeally through the central abdominal wall.
Hernia repair was performed in the neonatal period, and a cardiac catheter was performed at the age of 3 due to heart murmur.
Two sets of bilateral paraspinal veins acted for return from the lower body, which were finer than the original bilateral azygos veins.
In addition, diverticulum formation between the right vein and the right atrium and an unnamed sub-aortic vein could be confirmed by the above two methods.
It was considered to be a complication to be noted when performing extracorporeal circulation for repairing hernia repair.
The case was an 18-year-old man who had developed AIDS due to hemophilia A.
He was hospitalized due to worsening liver dysfunction.
The outpatient HBs antibody was positive, but it became negative at the time of admission, indicating the onset of hepatitis B.
It was considered that humoral immunity was also affected by the dysfunction of helper T cells, HBs antibody became negative, and HBV latent in the cells repopulated.
In rats, rats genetically sensitive to quinoform toxicity (CS) and rats with low quinoform toxicity (CR) were administered quinoform for 340 days or longer to attempt the onset of SMON.
CR survived 3 out of 12 males and 2 out of 9 females.
Among these surviving rats, 3 males of CS and 1 male of CR were observed to have slow limb raising and lowering and marked weakness.
We experienced a case (female, 85 years old) of a dissecting aortic aneurysm of Standford type A (DeBakey type II) showing a peculiar morphology.
The chief complaints were dyspnea and chest pain, and blood culture was diagnosed as sepsis.
He was given antibiotics, but suddenly became in shock and died of cardiac and respiratory arrest.
It was considered that this disease was caused by the shock state associated with sepsis and the subsequent rapid rise in blood pressure leading to rupture of the aneurysm.
Dr. Cancer on the concept of Tumor Cancer (TD) and the relationship between TD and angiogenesis. J. I described the contents of the lecture by Folkman.
As an example of Tumor Romance in humans, we described breast cancer in which metastasis appears years after the removal of the primary lesion.
In animal experimental models, swelling can be placed in an inactive state, or dominant state, by suppressing angiogenesis.
Explained the content of the lecture on the promising anti-angiogenic therapy in cancer treatment
The efficacy and safety of imidapril hydrochloride (I) in the treatment of hypertension in hemodialysis patients were examined in 10 hemodialysis patients.
Administration of I showed an effective antihypertensive effect as well as a decrease in ACE activity.
About 50% and about 65% of imidaprilate were removed by hemodialysis at 3 hours and 4 hours, respectively.
Although it took about 7 months, I was able to confirm the safety of I for the treatment of hypertension in hemodialysis patients.
Clinicopathological analysis was performed on 747 cases of single early gastric cancer (m cancer: 404 cases, sm cancer: 343 cases) resected from 1976 to 1994, focusing on lymph node metastases.
Currently, the least invasive curative treatment is endoscopic gastric mucosal resection (EMR).
Laparoscopic local resection was performed for cases that were difficult to cure by EMR.
Segmental gastrectomy without pylorus was superior in terms of postoperative quality of life
The number of airborne bacteria and the number of bacteria adhering to the floor and walls did not change significantly before and after the renewal of the air conditioning equipment, and the cleanliness was good.
After the equipment was renewed, the number of airborne dust (I) when unmanned became 100 in all classes.
The I and bacterial counts at the time of surgery did not change significantly before and after the renewal.
At 20 to 30 times / hour ventilation, there was a problem with the exhaust capacity with respect to the amount of dust generated.
We examined the computational modeling and theoretical analysis of dentin adhesion and adhesion mechanism.
Assuming the tensile adhesive strength as the direction of stress using a calculation model consisting of an interface layer model, the stress value becomes non-uniform along the interface, suggesting that it is important for examining the fracture mode of the interface.
By examining the average stress of the adhesive region and the size of the plastic deformation region, the mechanism could be clarified based on the determination of the elastic modulus of the interface layer.
We modeled the dentin resin impregnated layer structure and found the relationship between hardness and elastic modulus.
We examined whether grip strength could be an indicator of aging.
In terms of the relationship between grip strength test results and subsequent mortality, the group with high grip strength had a lower prognostic mortality rate than the group with low grip strength.
A re-examination of grip strength was performed 20 years later, and the relationship between the relative strengths of grip strength was well preserved 20 years later.
The group with increased grip strength after 20 years had a lower mortality rate than the group with decreased grip strength.
She fell and was injured while skiing, and was diagnosed with knee osteoarthritis and pain.
Inspection revealed lateral dislocation and valgus deformity, and XP showed patellar dislocation and distal femoral epiphyseal dislocation.
Osteosynthesis was performed, and lateral zonal dislocation and medial arthroplasty were performed for dislocation.
The range of motion became normal after the range of motion training and muscle strengthening training, and the patient was discharged on his own, but long-term follow-up is required.
The antipyretic effect of the title component was screened using a mouse influenza virus infection system.
Of the 55 cinnamon compounds and related compounds considered to be contained in cinnamon bark, 13 had a strong antipyretic effect.
We have demonstrated the antipyretic effect of kakkonto on influenza infections.
The air turbine handpiece (A) and the therapeutic and technical micromotor handpieces were explained, and the development of new technology in A was examined.
The mass of A is about 30 to 70 g, and the rotation speed when there is no load is most often 30 to 40 × 104 rpm.
The miniaturization of A is in a difficult situation because it is deeply related to the rotational performance.
It also described sterilization measures, infection prevention, cooling effect, and noise measures.
The profile of the non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (S) was described, focusing on recent topics.
He introduced the transition of S development, then touched on the properties of the drug, the route and characteristics of the drug, and explained it by classifying it into oral drugs, suppositories, injectable drugs, and transdermal drugs.
Furthermore, as a recent S, a selective cyclooxygenase 2 inhibitor was described.
Finally, the effect of S on malignant tumors was mentioned.
The usefulness of super-acidic water for MRSA was examined by hand washing of staff in premature infants and newborn wards, environmental surveys and floor disinfection, and bathing for inpatients.
Super-acidic water was very useful as a disinfectant.
In the investigation in the ward, MRSA was often detected in the hands of the staff, the body surface of the patient, and the floor.
Attempts were made to prevent MRSA adhesion to patients with superacid water, but could not be prevented.
From July 1991 to December 1995 at Kawasaki Medical School Chest Cardiovascular Surgery For 140 cases of abdominal aortic aneurysm and arteriosclerosis obliterans, postoperative fever, inflammation, leukocytes, bleeding volume, operation time, presence or absence of blood transfusion, graft The change in caliber and the presence or absence of patency were examined.
Compared with the uncoated material, postoperative fever, prolonged inflammation, and relapse were more common, but they responded well to anti-inflammatory agents, had a good patency rate, and had no complications.
If you keep the above in mind, you may use it.
The state of methyl methacrylate (I) generation during bone cement agitation was compared between the conventional method and the cement mixer method.
In the conventional method, I was generated for 6 minutes.
When using a vacuum mixer, gas generation during stirring is suppressed, but I is generated when cement is taken out.
We thought that it was necessary to take measures such as using an inhaler when opening the lid and wearing a double mask.
Thoracoscopic surgery has a very different approach to the lesion than thoracotomy, and the instruments and instruments used are also different.
In order to perform thoracoscopic surgery safely, the indirect care nurse keeps the position, observes the TV monitor, and promptly prepares the necessary instruments.
Direct assistance nurses pay attention to accurate grasp of surgical operation and smooth delivery of instruments by video training.
It is necessary to keep in mind the response to intraoperative troubles and the subsequent treatment.
We reported two cases of constrictive pericarditis (CP) in which the human atrial natriuretic peptide preparation HANP (carperitide) was successful in postoperative hypocardiac output syndrome (LOS).
Case 1 (17-year-old man) had a prolonged cold symptom and was diagnosed with CP by a nearby doctor and transferred to another hospital.
In case 2 (41-year-old man), mitral regurgitation was pointed out, but heart failure symptoms appeared, and CP was diagnosed by close examination.
Both patients showed increased LOS and preload on the first day after pericardiectomy, so HANP was administered.
Preload reduction, chest X-ray pulmonary congestion, and CTR reduction were observed from an early stage by administration of HANP.
We report a case of chest pain of unknown cause that developed after surgery for goiter, and a case of chest pain of unknown cause that seems to have developed after stress.
All had temporary effects with analgesics, antidepressants and nerve block treatments.
Therefore, along with the stellate nerve block, the symptoms were alleviated by oral administration of Saiboku-to and Shujibushi in case 1 and tokito in case 2.
For chest pain of unknown cause, administration of Chinese herbs should be considered.
The case was a 66-year-old man.
The chief complaint was dizziness and light-headedness, and Holter electrocardiogram showed Mobitz type II type II atrioventricular block, and the patient was diagnosed with type C WPW syndrome.
After implantation of the DDD pacemaker, ventricular excitement was observed both through the Kent bundle and via ventricular pacing.
Subjective symptoms such as dizziness and light-headedness disappeared.
Ultrasonography (echo) is the most useful test method for distinguishing between benign and malignant tumors of the ear, and 90% or more of the correct diagnosis can be obtained by combining it with fine needle puncture cytology.
Magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) is useful for inferring the internal structure of swelling, and the location of shallow and deep leaves of swelling is diagnosed by computed tomography (CT).
In addition, MRI and CT images show the positional relationship between the tumor and the tissue around the parotid gland, which is useful for examining the approach method during surgery for advanced tumor.
We will explain the characteristics of echo images, MRI, and CT images in the diagnosis of warthin's tumor (warthin's tumor) and the differential diagnosis of parotid non-epithelial tumor.
We examined the current status and issues of pediatric care consultation and development consultation at the health center, and pediatric precision health examination at the Shiga Medical Center for Children.
Since many children undergoing pediatric care consultation have pediatric neurological diseases, it is desirable that a pediatric neurologist be in charge.
In addition, many of the children who receive medical treatment counseling need developmental counseling, and we provide integrated medical care development counseling for children who need medical diagnosis and children who have difficulty responding to developmental counseling in municipalities. I decided.
In the future, we thought that cooperation in the whole prefecture centered on the Pediatric Health and Medical Center as well as cooperation in health, medical care, welfare, and education in the area centered on the health center would be an issue.
We re-evaluated the relationship between aging and gastric acid secretion in 157 healthy subjects.
However, H. In multiple regression analysis including the presence or absence of Helicobacter pylori infection (I) and the degree of gastric mucosal atrophy, acid secretion ability was positively correlated with age.
The acid-secreting capacity of I-negative and non-atrophic women increased with aging, and the acid-secreting capacity was low in I-positive and severely atrophied cases.
It is necessary to re-evaluate the relationship between aging and gastric acid secretion ability, taking into account the presence or absence of I infection and the degree of gastric mucosal atrophy.
The adaptability of the edge element finite element method to ECT analysis was confirmed.
By using the deformation potential, it became unnecessary to divide the exciting coil, and the impedance change caused by the reaction magnetic field due to the eddy current could be analyzed.
The analysis result of the benchmark calculation was in good agreement with the calculated value.
In addition, the calculation capacity could be reduced by using the object and the opposite symmetry condition.
He introduced the development and establishment of probabilistic methods for ceramic strength evaluation, reliability analysis, and guarantee tests.
The evaluation method of strength characteristics was introduced from the fracture mechanism, fracture toughness, crack growth, temperature dependence of fracture strength, and characteristics of impact fracture strength.
We clarified the concept of strength evaluation of multiaxial stress, thermal stress as application to strength design, joint surface stress, contact stress, and collision stress.
Described reliability assurance tests and applicable technologies
In two-dimensional photoelasticity, the data obtained by the photoelastic method are the differences in the two-dimensional principal stresses and the values in their directions.
In the case of three-dimensional photoelasticity, in the case of the transmissive type, these values were mixed and integrated data was obtained.
In the slice type, the problem when reorganizing the difference between the two-dimensional principal stresses and the directional values is how to reduce the noise contained in the data.
If a lock-in amplifier is used, it can be expected that noise can be significantly reduced.
We reported the measurement of the difference and direction of the two-dimensional principal stress using a lock-in amplifier in a two-beam slice type, and their rearrangement.
In the absence of safety standards for service robots, robots were operated for half a year at the Aichi Expo based on the "Robot Safety Guidelines."
This guideline is sure to be the basis of future robot safety standards.
In addition, this guideline has many references for understanding machine safety.
The current window cleaning work includes a manual method by a worker using a gondola and an automated cleaning device.
Some automated cleaning devices are suspended from the roof by a crane, but windows are often cleaned manually.
In recent years, the number of ultra-large windowpanes has increased in small and medium-sized buildings, and efficient and safe cleaning means suitable for these are required.
In response to this, we are developing a compact and general-purpose stand-alone type window cleaning robot.
We introduced the robot mechanism and autonomous driving system.
He gave an overview of fuzzy control and neuro-control, and expressed his expectations for future research in this field.
We introduced the flow of research and development of neuro-control, which is learning control based on neural networks.
We proposed a machine (perceptron) that learns based on the learning rules of synaptic connections, and showed the flow to the error back propagation method, which is a learning method for hierarchical neural networks.
In future intellectual control, he said that it is important to design a hybrid control system that integrates various basic technologies such as fuzzy control, neural networks, and genetic algorithms.
3 Regarding the benchmark problem of the position control of the inertial system, the design specifications and the design concept were compared with reference to the design example.
The design problems and the characteristics of the design method were illustrated through the design examples.
A design example of the loop shaping method based on the H∞ control theory and a design example using μ analysis / design were also explained.
The configuration of the two-degree-of-freedom control system and the sliding mode control system, which is a robust nonlinear control system, are also shown.
For feature point extraction, use a model image divided into any number of blocks that do not overlap.
Each block is abstracted as a unique feature point labeled with spatial position and dominant saturation in the HSV color space.
To reduce the search area for matching in a dynamic environment, we use a background removal method and skin color detection to detect only the hands.
After detecting the hand of the input image, the area around the hand is searched.
Now that the importance of the Internet as a lifeline is increasing, security threats caused by artificial attacks on the Internet have a great impact on social life.
Here, as a countermeasure against the security threats of the upcoming ubiquitous society, we introduced the research underway under the research theme "Research and development of basic technology related to wide area monitoring system".
It consists of a traffic probe system, an information collection system, an analysis system, and an operation system, and aims to facilitate security operations and information exchange for that purpose in order to promote prompt response from anomaly detection.
Then, he explained the ultra-high-speed traffic probe system, which is an initiative of Oki Electric Industry.
Ubiquitous means "ubiquitous like a god."
According to the u-Japan concept and u-Japan policy announced by the Ministry of Internal Affairs and Communications in 2004, it was positioned as one of Japan's IT utilization policies with the aim of realizing a ubiquitous society by 2010.
Already at the entrance to ubiquitous society, mobile phones have a penetration rate of over 70% of the total population.
The ubiquitous network is viewed from the two points of "visualization" and "communication promotion", and from the national policy and infrastructure penetration rate, what kind of ubiquitous society will be welcomed in 2010, and what kind of business prospects there are in that society. I studied.
inter-touch is a company of DoCoMo group of Singapore, and as an ISP (Internet Service Provider) for hotels, it provides Internet connection services to customers of 310 4,5 star hotels in 42 countries around the world.
In this report, we described the function of a broadband network system known as IBIS (inter-touch Billing information system).
Customer support is available 24/7 in 5 languages per year, and the cost goes into the room charge.
Internet connection equipment and facilities will be owned and managed by inter-touch, and costs will be shared with the hotel.
This is an introduction to a part of basic research on 3D display systems.
There is a three-dimensional effect due to binocular information, which is a feeling that current TVs cannot handle.
As a method to realize this, we tried to reconstruct the surface of an object from two TV cameras using a neural network model that simulates the function of a human neural network.
He stated that if a large-scale parallel computer that actually executes processing is possible, it can be put into practical use.
We touched on the reason why compression / playback technology has recently attracted attention, and the current compression targets for voice and sound signals.
Next, the technology for compressing coded information is described for each image and sound, and the future of compression / playback technology is prospected.
Information compression technology for images is performed by removing redundant parts (wasteful parts) contained in signals and utilizing human visual characteristics.
A configuration example of a typical image encoder is shown.
For this reason, we connected the offices via LAN-WAN-LAN and provided services such as e-mail, electronic bulletin boards, and forums.
Shows the menu of services.
The features of the system are voluntary introduction in the user department, cooperation service with business system, use from remote location, and LAN / WAN deployment in the metropolitan area.
For remote sensing image analysis, we proposed a pattern recognition method that combines neural networks (NN) and knowledge processing.
It is possible to obtain accurate recognition results even for data that does not follow the Gaussian distribution.
NN was used for the recognition part of the processing system, and knowledge processing was used for the correction part.
It was applied to actual image data and its effectiveness was verified.
We introduced three papers on the connected component problem of graphs and showed that the parallel algorithm is a huge system.
We introduced an example used to explain the idea of parallel algorithms in an easy-to-understand manner.
This dispensing pharmacy system is a personal computer LAN system based on a lightweight coaxial cable.
The points of system construction are shortening the waiting time of patients, a system useful for pharmacists, expandability, and support ability.
The effects after the introduction and future prospects were described.
Described the application of business package software
Furthermore, we built a client-server system using the business server "K series".
As a result, the system was integrated while making effective use of existing personal computer assets.
Showed the use of personal computers as clients
Based on the circuit technology using the multi-input threshold arithmetic element neuron MOS (νMOS), we have developed "associative hardware" that recognizes and understands events in real time.
That is, we have developed an analog EEPROM cell technology that stores analog events at high density and an analog vector associator. Was realized using.
The operating principle, circuit configuration, measurement results, etc. of each basic hardware are described.
νMOS technology combines the flexibility of analog processing with the rigor of digital processing
He described the basic idea and examples of an approach aimed at the fusion of art and engineering.
It is necessary to incorporate emotional and emotional information in communication into image / audio processing.
For this reason, we considered that artists would participate and approach the problem from the art side, and conducted joint research with artists.
The main achievements are an interactive environment that creates a virtual environment in response to communication, an emotional agent that recognizes eight emotions such as emotions contained in voice and changes facial expressions accordingly, and facial expression images from facial images. We have developed a virtual Kabuki actor that transforms into a Kabuki actor using a technique that detects real-time and reproduces it with a three-dimensional facial expression model.
A texture synthesis method based on an extended L system called a TSL system (Texture Synthesis L-system), which is defined as a combination of parametric, stochastic and MAP L systems, has been described.
A description of primitives and their spatial relationships is given from a TSL perspective.
In the TSL system, local control was realized by changing the parameters of the rewrite production.
It also shows some of the other related technologies.
For lossless compression of natural images, region division coding that makes effective use of the local properties of images is promising.
Here, as a preliminary step to region division coding, we examined a method for dividing an image into regions with similar statistical properties and a coding method for describing that region.
First, an initial region was generated by K-means clustering, and a minute region was deleted by comparing the color distances.
Next, the regions were integrated by comparing the luminance average and the histogram, and the minute regions were deleted before coding.
A simulation experiment was conducted to confirm the effect of reducing entropy by dividing the area.
The production line and the information system that supports it must be two sides of the same coin.
We examined the construction of an information system that flexibly responds to changes in the production line.
In this book, we examined the improvement of quality and productivity of information system construction by domain analysis and modeling methods.
We proposed a method to introduce UML (Unified Modeling Language) and equire relational expression specifications (specifications that describe constraint conditions between calculation items and attributes) as domain model construction expression methods.
We also defined an operation to create a new object model by combining two object models including business rules.
By applying design and programming automation tools to the model obtained by such a procedure, it becomes possible to automatically generate a program.
In the long run, the personnel and labor management of Japanese companies will have to be replaced by a system in which the way of life of each individual is utilized in the company.
A long-term, strategic perspective is extremely important in the current human resources development department.
In considering the prospect of problem solving, there are individual problems on one side and corporate problems on the other side.
How to utilize self-development is the key
We reported the results of a survey on the title conducted by the Japan Engineers Association on behalf of the Science and Technology Agency's Science and Technology Policy Bureau.
The survey items are 1) trends of engineers (1992 survey and literature survey), and 2) surveys on the actual conditions and consciousness of engineers (questionnaire survey of individual engineers).
Regarding the trends of engineers, the changes in supply and demand, changes in demand structure, composition ratios by gender and occupation, employment trends by industry of graduates of science and technology universities, and trends in new graduate technology were described.
Regarding the survey of the actual situation and consciousness of engineers, we investigated the company where they work, the field of study and job content, working hours, treatment, experience of changing jobs, education / training inside and outside the workplace, and consciousness of work.
Based on these results, we grasped the average image of engineers and examined issues and countermeasures related to the training and securing of engineers [1994.3].
This report focuses on job vacancies and job posting cards as information provision media at public employment security offices, and conducts experiments using cognitive psychology or cognitive engineering methods to "easy to see and understand" the table design. Through this analysis, we examined "what is an easy-to-understand job vacancies design" and "how to make the job vacancies easier to see".
It is hoped that the Public Employment Security Office will always grasp the needs of users and effectively provide job offer / job search information.
The items to be posted are 1) background of research, 2) theoretical examination on design improvement, 3) experimental examination on design improvement, 4) exploration of effective job advertisement expression, 5) summary and future issues, Etc. [1994.6]
Sewage sludge biomass energy is attracting attention as a measure against global warming.
About 80% of sewage sludge is organic matter and has a high calorific value.
There are two methods for recovering energy from sewage sludge: a digestion method in which the sewage sludge is fermented in an anaerobic state, and a method in which the sewage sludge is dried and carbonized and used as a solid fuel.
The Japan Sewage Works Agency's fuel conversion system optimizes the conventional drying system and carbonization system for fuel production, aiming to increase the calories of the fuel produced and at the same time improve fuel efficiency during operation.
In addition, in the biomass solid fuel conversion project, it is important to optimize the energy balance of the entire project and improve the efficiency of overall energy use.
The method of extracting energy from sewage sludge and the conversion of sewage sludge to biomass solid fuel were described.
Huis Ten Bosch Co., Ltd. aims to be a completely new "environmental future city" that protects the natural environment and maintains a comfortable living space.
This system can be made into compost in about 4 weeks by adding straw and aerobic fermenting bacteria to kitchen waste (about 3 tons / day) and fermenting it at high temperature and high speed. Reuse as.
The amount of heavy oil used in A decreased to 34 kl in 1995 and 19 kl in 1996 compared to 1994 (104 kl).
Similarly, the emission indexes of carbon dioxide, sulfur oxides, and nitrogen oxides decreased from 100 to 63.
We reported on the development process, basic characteristics, performance confirmation test, exhaust monitoring results, etc. of the krypton broadband detector conducted at the High Level Radioactive Material Research Facility (CPF).
In Chapter 2, the outline of the exhaust control system and the krypton monitor was explained as the outline of the emission monitoring exhaust control system in CPF.
Chapter 3 described the testing and evaluation of krypton broadband detectors.
In Chapter 4, we concluded that the measurement results of the krypton wideband detector are valid.
[2004.7]
As part of scientific research on high-level radioactive waste geological disposal technology, the title analysis was carried out with the aim of contributing to the setting of boundary conditions for groundwater flow analysis to evaluate groundwater flow characteristics.
The analysis was carried out by reflecting the research results of Step 1 of the first stage of the ultra-deep geological research plan.
Chapters 2 to 5 described the outline of topography / geology, modeling / analysis area, modeling / analysis procedure, and groundwater flow analysis.
The results of the research are summarized in Chapter 6.
[2005.5]
The imaging plate has 100 to 1000 times the sensitivity of X-ray film and has good positional resolution.
It is possible to know the radioactivity distribution pattern on the contaminated surface.
If the thickness of the illuminant is about 40 μm and the protective film thickness is about 3 μm, the sensitivity to β rays will be low, which is advantageous for the measurement of α rays.
In Demonstration Reactor No. 1, important items were examined as a common power study and reflected in the design.
Regarding the basic reactor constants, the effective magnification and proliferation ratio were explained.
Regarding the nuclear characterization method, the adoption of a homogeneous model, correction of non-homogeneous effects, derivation of predicted values, and their prediction errors were described.
In addition, the nuclear characteristics of the demonstration reactor were introduced.
The technological trends of high-efficiency motors, centering on induction motors, were described.
The JIS standard for induction motors with low loss and 1 to 5% higher efficiency than before was established, and a method for evaluating characteristics based on actual load was stipulated.
It is also recommended for use under the Energy Conservation Law.
When applied to fluid loads such as pumps and blowers, power may increase if care is not taken in selecting the operating point.
Note that the starting current also increases.
We introduced an engine that can project a 62-inch screen at a projection distance of 20 cm or less using a hybrid optical system of an aspherical mirror and a refracting lens, and an ultra-thin rear projection television prototype that uses this engine.
In an optical system with a large minimum angle of view and a small effective angle of view range, we found that curvature of field can be reduced with a simple optical system configuration regardless of the conventional Petzval sum condition, and the simple configuration is low cost. Realized an optical system.
Based on these design guidelines, we prototyped a DLPTM engine and television.
The distance to the screen was 125 mm, the maximum half angle of view reached 80 degrees, the screen distortion was 0.4% or less, the contrast was 3000: 1, and the depth of the television was 26 cm.
Lighting system design for LCD image display from notebook computers to mobile phones is a field of lighting system design technology that makes use of conventional optical design technology by finding many design indicators in simulation results by ray tracing. It can be said that.
Such a design area is called "display optical system design".
However, in order to make a classification, it is necessary to find some generality and commonality.
Certainly, in the optical structure of such equipment, there are common features not found in other lighting systems.
In this paper, the basics and features of such display optical system design are described based on the lighting system design.
He described the outlook for MEMS (Micro Electromechanical Systems) research in Singapore.
Over the past few years, a large MEMS research program has been set up with considerable financial support from the government.
Micromachine centers at NTU (Nanyang Technological University) contribute to research and manpower training.
Comprehensive MEMS research and education planning was carried out at NTU, promoting an increase in MEMS workers.
Furthermore, small and medium-sized enterprises and multinational enterprises are being established as new enterprises.
The technologies developed for MEMS production, in line with government efforts to promote nanotechnology and bioengineering, are helping nano-biodevices and systems.
He described the history from the birth of large-scale video systems using full-color LEDs (FCLEDs) to the present day, and the latest trends.
Based on the development of high-brightness blue LED elements by Nichia Corporation, a large-scale video system using FCLED was born, and in 1995, a full-scale FCLED large-scale video appeared in front of Shibuya Station in Tokyo.
In recent years, in the broadcasting industry, large FCLED images have been installed outdoors in new office buildings as the face of broadcasting stations.
In addition, FCLED large-scale video is used at boat racetracks, racetracks, Aichi Expo, etc., and FCLED large-scale video technology is steadily evolving and its market is expanding.
Therefore, Sn—Zn solder having a low melting point is attracting attention.
This study investigated one of the problems when using Sn—Zn solder for reflow solidaring.
This solder has a problem of strength deterioration due to the reaction between the Au plating electrode and Zn.
In this report, the reaction between Au and Zn and the relationship between Au plating thickness and bond strength were investigated.
As a result, 1) the bonding strength decreased when the Au plating was thick, and 2) the bonding strength decreased significantly when left in the wet, regardless of the plating thickness.
The preparation of a two-dimensional array of fine particles was explained.
We also introduced a method of observing the state of filling of fine particles by an optical method.
In addition, we introduced applied research on antireflection films, microlens arrays, molds, and masks for microfabrication.
In recent printed circuit board mounting, not only miniaturization and narrow pitching of parts, but also three-dimensional mounting has come to be performed.
In this paper, we introduced the modular high-speed multifunctional mounting machine "NXT" of Fuji Machine Manufacturing Co., Ltd. that meets such demands.
In NXT, improvements such as 1) improvement of tape feeder feed accuracy, 2) improvement of position recognition accuracy, 3) reduction of component mounting load, 4) optimization of descending profile, and 5) reduction of sliding resistance have been made. Is going.
Furthermore, it also supports three-dimensional implementation of PoP (Package on Package).
To support advanced services and functions, improve communication quality and basic performance, and improve competitiveness, DoCoMo uses protocol stack software (PSS) for mobile terminals to control communication with radio access networks and core networks. ) Has been developed.
In this paper, we describe examples of advanced services and functions enabled by this PSS, and improvements in communication quality and basic performance.
That is, regarding advanced services and functions, priority connection processing for emergency calls, audio / video switching processing during communication, and access control that does not depend on circuit switching / packet switching will be described.
Regarding the improvement of communication quality and basic performance, the improvement of outgoing call / incoming call completion rate and the improvement of battery saving performance will be described.
This software is becoming a common platform for former terminals developed by mobile terminal suppliers.
We discussed the requirements for network management systems under the next generation network and introduced some solutions provided by NEC.
In the future of IP / IMS (IP Multimedia Subsystem), telecommunications carrier networks will undergo a significant transformation.
In order to provide useful services on an open network, network management is required to have advanced functions that are directly linked to the decisions of telecommunications carrier business management.
These include business management assistance and customer care services, as well as maintaining the traditional demands for efficient operator management.
We examined a generator for portable information equipment that obtains electric power from the vibration of a moving body.
The efficiency of this vibration power generator is determined by the relative speed between the coil and the magnet.
We investigated a method of obtaining a large rotational motion from minute vibrations using self-excited vibration, which is a non-linear vibration of a rotating body.
Self-excited rotation and maximum efficiency could be maintained at a frequency of 1-2.5 Hz and coil turns of 3000-7000.
The amount of power generated was 380 microwatts.
The amount of power generation is 40 times that during rocking.
In order to lower the operating voltage and stabilize the emission current, we made an electric field emitter array with an integrated built-in poly-Si thin film transistor (TFT).
By optimizing the TFT structure for field emission silicon control, especially for high withstand voltage and reduction of off-current, complete control of emission current by the built-in TFT has been realized.
Further, by coating the Si emission tip with hafnium carbide (HfC), its emission characteristics and emission life could be improved.
In addition, the operating voltage could be reduced from 50V to 15V.
Stabilization by TFT control was very effective, and a emission fluctuation of 0.1 was obtained.
In addition, we have newly developed tubeless vacuum encapsulation for display applications.
With the digitization of FPU systems, remote control and monitoring of FPU alone and digital peripherals has become much more complicated than before.
In order to cope with the complexity, we introduced the outline of the FPU remote controller for NHK that was developed and commercialized.
The FPU local operation board installed on the base station side has a function of controlling and monitoring each device and transmitting data to the FPU remote operation board on the broadcasting hall side.
One power control board installed on the base station side and the broadcasting hall side has a function of controlling the power of up to four transmitters and receivers.
A superconducting single-phase single-winding transformer with an auxiliary winding only in the shunt winding was prototyped.
Since the FRP cylinder was inserted between the series winding and the shunt winding, it was confirmed that quenching always occurred only with the shunt winding.
We confirmed the operation of the transformer during steady operation and system failure.
The diversion to the auxiliary winding at regular times was as small as 5.2%.
The influence of the equipment constants of the d and q-axis rotors on the asynchronous torque characteristics when driven by a square wave and a PWM inverter was investigated.
It was confirmed that it is a useful method because it can analyze the characteristics at the time of driving with a power supply voltage of an arbitrary waveform in a unified manner.
The rating of the test motor is 3-phase, 4-pole, 10HP, 220V, 60Hz.
The slip-torque characteristics when the reactance was changed were shown, and the relationship with the Gerguez phenomenon was shown.
In the horizontal cable tunnel, horizontal snake or vertical snake is adopted from the aspect of the cable occupied space, and the snake pitch and width were determined from the actual results.
Horizontal snakes were applied in the sloping cable tunnel, and full-length snake laying was applied in the vertical cable tunnel.
In each case, a restraint type cleat is attached for gripping its own weight.
We introduced a floor clock that uses LEDs as a light source and displays the clock by the aggregated light.
The composition of the floor clock, electricity supply, precautions for construction, material life and future issues were described.
We introduced a new product that integrates LED and artificial marble.
Evacuation / guidance display using the floor surface for disaster prevention was mentioned as an issue in terms of use.
In order to improve the starting characteristics of the submersible motor pump for pumping, we developed a variable reactor starting device that can change the power supply voltage in three stages, and conducted a direct-in starting and comparative experiment.
Since the voltage can be increased sequentially while the motor is connected to the power supply, the acceleration characteristics are smooth and there is little shock at the start.
In addition, the starting current and starting power can be reduced compared to direct start.
The starting device can be started as a non-inductive circuit
A current limiting device was prototyped by winding 6 superconducting strands containing no stabilized copper and 7 m of stranded wire with 1 CuNi center wire in a single layer.
A large current sudden short-circuit current energization circuit was constructed by combining multiple transformers, and the current limiting operation was experimentally investigated.
As the current increase rate increased, the current limiting start current value increased.
We also investigated the progress of shunting of the current between the strands in the current limiter winding before and after quenching.
One of the most difficult technical issues in manufacturing a three-dimensional computer is electrical connection in the stacking (Z) direction.
On the other hand, the distance between wafers cannot be reduced due to the need for cooling.
As a result, the length / diameter ratio of the Z wiring conductor increases, making it difficult to maintain stability during conductor formation.
In this study, one solder bridge was used as a basic model, and its formation process was observed [1994.3].
The marking equipment consists of equipment such as flue gas desulfurization, effluent desulfurization, comprehensive effluent, ash treatment, unloading coal, and coal bay reception.
An integrated system of these control devices has been introduced.
With the integrated system, information on all equipment can be obtained with one unit, comprehensive management of equipment abnormalities is possible, the burden of management can be reduced, and costs can be reduced.
The power supply directly supplies AC100 and DC100 to important control devices.
We made a prototype of a high-resolution see-through color HMD and developed a product to be used for research on artificial reality.
Not only is it used as a goggle function, but it also has a see-through function.
The features of this see-through function, display image, adjustment mechanism, etc., and points to consider in design are described.
We also introduced specifications, performance, resolution, etc.
The Ministry of Posts and Telecommunications announced this year's 23rd white paper on the title.
First, we gave an overview of the current state of information and communications and trends in information and communications policies, as well as an economic analysis of information and communications and the trends of 10 years after the liberalization of telecommunications in 1985.
In addition, with the theme of "multimedia and transformation of the information and communication market," 10 years have passed since the introduction of the principle of competition in the information and communication market, and the information and communication market is facing a major turning point. We introduced from three aspects: government, users, and information and communication industry.
Furthermore, we took the US information and telecommunications market as an example and analyzed it, and finally clarified the issues for the transformation of the Japanese information and telecommunications market and the information and telecommunications policies that contribute to it.
The main text is an introduction to the integration work of exhaust equipment, which was conventionally used in three semiconductor factories.
The main purpose is to respond to the expansion of production equipment and improve the operating rate of existing equipment.
After the integration, only the exhaust of the epi-growth device will pass through the HCl scrubber, and the others will flow directly into the newly installed suction chamber.
The final stage epi scrubber releases the exhaust gas into the atmosphere.
The concentration is below the detection limit of 2 ppm and meets environmental standards.
The text is an article explaining the title problem.
In the text, we first explained the definitions of terms such as ESD (electrostatic discharge).
Next, the IC destruction and the charging path were classified, and the table shows that the human body is also charged at 35 kV.
As countermeasures, conductive table mats, floor mats, and wrist straps were mentioned, and the capacitance of the human body is also shown in the table.
For the wrist strap actually worn by the worker, the time change of the electrostatic voltage is shown in a graph.
The characteristics and applications of diamond as a heat sink have been described.
The thermal conductivity, coefficient of thermal expansion and electrical properties of diamond are shown in comparison with other materials.
For heat sinks, high-purity diamond synthesis is required, and considering the large area and low cost, vapor-phase diamond is suitable.
Outlined the current status and future of diamond as a heat sink for optical communication and devices.
The amp with the title, which was developed as part of the 70th anniversary of the founding of Lux, received high praise from well-known audio magazines, including receiving the gold medal of the Best Stereo Component Grand Prix of Radio Technology Magazine.
He described the planning intention of this machine and the process of deciding to the 500W / 8Ω specification by the BTL method.
He explained the merits of balanced transmission, the input circuit and the attenuator, and described the features of the twin hybrid diamond buffer circuit with FET as the first stage.
Furthermore, we explained the balance amplification circuit named balanced CSSC (complementary single staggered circuit) that drives the speaker BTL, and the mechanism of multiple current feedback called ODβ (optimized dual NFB) applied to the balanced CSSC.
Described the adoption of custom parts such as copper foil styrene capacitors with copper tubes, high inertia power supply, power supply method for BTL output stage, etc.
I explained how to make a hole in the manufacturing technology.
The system outline and processing accuracy of each of the excimer laser, carbon dioxide laser, and Nd: YAG laser were explained.
We discussed the shape, process, quality, application examples and problems of build-up vias with appropriate taper by laser.
Introduced with light-based drilling using photosensitive resin and chemical etching methods such as alkali and acid.
A first heat radiating plate is provided on one surface of the chip, and a second heat radiating plate is provided on the other surface.
The second heat radiating plate is joined to the mold on the surface side of the chip.
Joining is done by crimping when cutting the outer lead of the frame.
As a result, it is possible to prevent the package from warping without increasing the number of assembly steps and to improve the heat dissipation effect.
We have proposed a new type of image sensor that arranges the correlation detectors between the incident light and the electric signal in two dimensions.
The features of this structure are 1) a photodiode detector that converts an incident photon into a photocurrent (multiplier), 2) an external electrical signal input (multiplier) that is common to all pixels, and 3) a product of the photocurrent and electrical signal. There is a current mode multiplier, 4) a capacitor that integrates the product current and accumulates the correlation result, and 5) a CCD or MOS switch circuit that scans the correlation result as a normal video signal.
We have proposed and verified some possible structures and circuits.
We also examined the application of this sensor.
While paying attention to the possibility of a large-screen wall-mounted TV, he explained the marking technology using PDP.
First, I explained the memory function of PDP, which is a basic premise for TV display.
Next, as a television display method, the principle of display and the DC type and AC type display methods were explained.
After explaining from the angle of the display system, we also explained the deterioration of moving images and their countermeasures.
The evaluation device for the input sudden change characteristic of the on-board power supply for communication such as the DC-DC converter mounted on the electronic circuit board housed in the communication rack was described.
An input sudden change characteristic evaluation device that simulates the voltage fluctuation that occurs when a fuse is inserted is configured.
The actual input sudden change voltage waveform is made into a database and output to the DC amplifier through the DA converter to enable the input sudden change of the arbitrary waveform.
As a result of checking the operation by applying a sine wave half cycle to the onboard power supply, it was confirmed that the target operation was obtained.
We have developed a high-speed vacuum circuit breaker that shortens the duration of the instantaneous voltage drop that occurs due to the removal of short-circuit accidents in the power system to one cycle.
This is a vacuum circuit breaker that incorporates a high-speed circuit breaker with an electromagnetic repulsion coil and a trip coil on the vacuum valve operating shaft.
The detection time was 4 ms.
In the analysis, the accident where the bus voltage dropped by 60% could be recovered to 96%.
Introduced the title crystal products developed by Kinseki Co., Ltd.
The background of the development of the new product CX-16F was explained from the standardization of shape and cost specifications.
This product is a surface mount leadless type small, thin, and low-priced product, and its external dimensions and internal structure are shown.
The determination of the standard frequency of the product, the load capacitance, and the reflow soldering conditions were described.
A semi-stable RZ nonlinear pulse propagating in a transmission line in which optical fibers having positive and negative group velocity dispersions are alternately connected is called a distributed managed soliton, a distributed allocated soliton, or a stretch pulse.
These non-linear pulses may have better transmission characteristics than ordinary optical solitons in fibers that are uniform or more dispersive in the transmission direction.
We clarified the characteristics of the stretch pulse in the transmission line where the sign of the group velocity dispersion is periodically inverted, and further clarified the long-distance propagation characteristics of the stretch pulse in the more practical transmission line by numerical simulation.
The analysis was performed using a transmission line in which abnormally dispersed fibers and normally dispersed fibers were alternately connected to the same length as a model.
We introduced the outline of digital satellite broadcasting technology and gave an overview of the current state of digital satellite broadcasting in other countries.
In the technology of digital satellite broadcasting, information coding for information compression, service multiplexing, satellite transmission method, limited reception such as scrambling, and Service Information were explained.
These technologies enable multi-channel broadcasting, pay-TV viewing contracts, program listing classification, transmission of contact emails for everyone and individuals, and viewer participation programs with interactive functions.
The Eurocopter EC120B is a 5-seater light single-engine turbine helicopter jointly developed by three companies in France, Germany and China.
The on-board engine is an Arris 2F turboshaft engine manufactured by Turbo-Mecha (France).
In this article, the outline of this engine was introduced in the next section.
1) General (free turbine system, 376 kW / 504 shp / 6000 rpm, 103 kg, reduction gearbox / gas generator / power turbine / exhaust pipe), 2) Structure (reduction gearbox, gas generator), 3) Oil system, 4 ) Air system, 5) Fuel system, 6) Control system, 7) Indication system, 8) Engine mount.
Shipments of gasoline engines were 6173,000 units, almost the same as the previous year.
The shares of private exports, OEM exports, and non-consolidated exports are 38.0%, 37.7%, and 23.2%, respectively.
In terms of quantity, domestic exports are almost the same as the previous year, but exports for individual use are increasing, and exports for private use and via OEM are decreasing.
In addition, the shipment of gasoline engines to the agriculture, forestry and fishery machinery sector was 3352,000 units, accounting for a 54.3% share.
Cold drafts are likely to occur in air-conditioning by controlling the temperature, and cooling ownrome such as heat shock at the time of entering and exiting is a problem.
This can be avoided by setting the temperature higher than before.
One way to compensate for the comfort impaired by increasing the temperature setting is to control and use thermal environmental factors other than temperature.
In other words, three methods are conceivable: radiant panel cooling, active use of felt airflow, and reduction of humidity.
Here, we report based on the subject experiments conducted in the summer of 1991 and 1992 with different humidity settings.
Aldehydes in automobile exhaust gas were analyzed by an HPLC (High Performance Liquid Chromatography) method using an acetonitrile solution in which DNPH (2,4-dinitrophenylhydrazine) was dissolved.
Here, we introduced its reproducibility, calibration curve, detection limit, and changes over time.
The results are reproducibility with a relative standard deviation of 0.3 to 0.9% (10 iterative analyzes), a calibration curve with a correlation coefficient of 1 (testing of standard data with 6 diluted solutions of acetonitrile), 0.0018 μg / High accuracy such as mL formaldehyde detection limit was obtained.
In addition, although no change over time was observed in the standard data, changes over time were observed in the exhaust gas, so post-sampling analysis should be performed promptly.
The AR (Augmented Radical) combustion engine is an engine that improves conventional combustion by utilizing activated free radicals.
AR combustion technology is a combustion technology that actively utilizes the self-ignition phenomenon.
The self-ignition timing is controlled by the control valve provided in the exhaust port.
The tough-up tube is a new structure tire tube for motorcycles with excellent puncture prevention ability.
The tube has a double structure of an air chamber and a liquid chamber, and the anti-puncture liquid is sealed in the liquid chamber at the manufacturing stage.
The liquid chamber and the air chamber are independent of each other, and the liquid chamber covers the area on the contact patch side of the tire.
Reported experiments using ultra-small cutting equipment and cutting simulations using atomic models.
The cutting experiment was carried out using a diamond tool and a device with an pneumatic and hydrostatic spindle.
In the micro cutting simulation, the morse potential between atoms and the nominal cutting thickness are described, and the analysis results are shown.
In conclusion, the cutting edge wear is Al> copper, and the minimum cutting thickness is Al: copper.
As a result of the test drive of the marked motorcycle, the rotation in the low speed range was stable because the low speed torque was large, and the feeling of acceleration in the high speed range was also excellent.
The straight-line stability when driving on the highway was solid.
The cornering was smooth, reliable and stable.
The fuel consumption rate in the entire test course was 18.7 km / l, which was equivalent to that of a multi-cylinder water-cooled engine of the same class.
The main specifications are also shown
Since the existing wheel lathe is more efficient than the conventional existing wheel milling machine, the main purpose was to shift from the post-correction to the planned correction center.
This lathe has a DDS (digital data system) device that stores data related to wheel profiles and wheel shapes.
These data can be analyzed on a personal computer by converting them with a conversion program.
Described the analysis results of Urawa train ward
A 5-axis control machining center is effective for machining dies, impellers, and various blades with complicated three-dimensional curved surfaces.
First, the difference between 3-axis machining and 5-axis machining was clarified, and the problems of 3-axis machining were pointed out.
It was shown that the problem can be solved and the machining efficiency can be improved by using 5-axis machining.
He explained that the key to successfully using a 5-axis machine is the good use of post processors and interference check systems.
The title 900SE2.0 turbo is equipped with a high-pressure or low-pressure turbo.
In the case of a high-pressure turbo, the power performance is up and down of the winding, and the long wheelbase body runs lightly.
There is a feeling of stickiness of the suspension as well as a direct feeling of power steering.
In other words, the sharp maneuverability and tenacity are well matched.
The low-speed characteristics of a low-pressure turbo engine are effective for city driving.
This machine was built for the purpose of deep sea observation and research up to the deepest part of the ocean at 11,000 m.
In March 1995, it landed at the deepest part of the Mariana Trench at 10,911 m, demonstrating its initial performance.
It is capable of towing surveys and self-propelled surveys, and has features such as TV camera photography, manipulator work, and acoustic positioning.
Introduced the system, launcher configuration, control device, cable structure, etc. of this machine.
The flow characteristics and characteristics of the equipment were outlined for the equipment that performs dry crushing and classification of fine particles using an air jet.
The target crusher is called a jet mill, which is blown in the tangential direction from a plurality of nozzles on the outer circumference of a cylindrical container to accelerate particles by a high-speed jet, and crushes by collisions between particles and wall collisions of particles.
Some mills have a separate impact plate to increase the impact force.
Classifiers that use jets include virtual impactors and elbow jets, which have a simple structure and can handle a large amount of highly adherent particles.
We summarized the trends of cameras and lenses released in 1996.
However, the characteristics of APS are not yet sufficient in terms of sensitive materials, and we expect future expansion trends.
As for lenses, high-magnification AF zoom lenses have become very popular.
Camera design and compactification are still in progress
The head-mounted display (HMD), which is a visual image presenting device, is capable of stereoscopic viewing.
We proposed a line-of-sight tracking HMD concept consisting of a wide-field video display, a high-resolution video display, a line-of-sight detection sensor, and a display position controller.
A system was prototyped to embody the line-of-sight tracking HMD.
The optical system is shown.
An evaluation experiment was conducted on the presentation of high-resolution images.
The issue was to reduce the noise inside railway vehicles.
The marked structure reduces the radiated sound of the floor board, which has a sound absorbing effect with the floor support, and elastically supports the floor board with special anti-vibration rubber to reduce vibration transmission to the floor board.
The policy for developing this structure is that the material is nonflammable, does not add weight, and is low cost.
Furthermore, it was assumed that components such as conventional underfloor ducts could be installed.
In the drilling of stainless steel, chipping is often the cause of trouble.
Here, we introduced the cutting performance of Kyocera's slow-away drill "Magic Drill" and the breaker developed for the stainless steel attached to it.
This drill has a shape in which an outer blade and an inner blade are arranged at two corners in the same tip.
Including chip processing, processing examples and cutting conditions were explained.
Introducing active stability control and electric power steering developed by GM's subsidiary Delphi Automotive.
This is a system that electronically controls everything.
The former has two and four channel systems, which are systems that monitor the movements of the front two wheels and four wheels, respectively, and control the braking force of the front two wheels and four wheels, respectively.
As a result of test-driving both systems with actual vehicles, we experienced good driving performance and advantages and disadvantages.
In Fine Data, we have created a path that takes advantage of the high-speed rotation and runout accuracy of the pneumatic spindle.
Here, the company's experience and achievements regarding high-speed milling and CAM systems were described.
Work materials are mainly steel materials, and there are a wide variety of non-ferrous metals such as aluminum, copper alloys, wood, and resins.
He explained that he is studying proper cutting conditions and tool paths using tools with a diameter of 0.1 to 6 mm for these work materials.
Since the single-lens reflex finder directly observes the image on the photographing lens, it has excellent functions such as being able to observe as an upright image and not causing parallax on the photographing screen.
The specifications (field of view, eye point, diopter, magnification) that represent the structure and specifications of the optical system were explained.
The mechanism and operation of each part of the optical system such as the movable mirror, focusing screen, Fresnel lens, matte surface, and pentaprism were explained.
I also touched on the diopter correction mechanism and the line-of-sight detection and replacement finder.
He described the operation of the homepage of the architectural firm.
A blog should be used to operate the homepage so that it functions well as a sales tool.
Impress with the name of the blog and be sure to update it to invite access and lead to the homepage.
The content of the blog should always be topical and the completed photos should be of good quality.
You can also have multiple blogs.
Introduced the security card renewal work of Hokugoku Shimbun.
The security card of the existing security system has been updated to a high-performance IC card system so that it can be used in other systems (employee cafeteria system).
The card information built in the IC chip is read by a non-contact card reader, the predetermined registration information is referred to, and the electric lock and the mailbox door are unlocked.
The IC card is a hybrid type that uses MIFARE (developed by Philips) for both contact and non-contact.
The Union of Myanmar is a multi-ethnic country with a population of about 52 million and 135 ethnic groups in a land area about 1.8 times that of Japan.
Burmese make up about 70% of the race, and most of the people are Buddhists.
He introduced the history of port development, the current status of Outports, the origin, location, containerization and recent situation of Yangon Port.
Compared to Laos, Kambodia, and Vietnam, which are said to be the four latecomers to ASEAN, Myanmar is behind in market economy, and the GDP per capita is at least $ 180, but the flat land is 70% and there are natural resources. Since labor costs are extremely low, it is expected to develop significantly if political problems are resolved.
Introduced disaster prevention measures for clean rooms.
As for fire countermeasures in clean rooms, many semiconductor factories do not have sprinklers, even if they have fire alarms.
This is because when the sprinkler operates, the production equipment is flooded and the operation is stopped.
On the other hand, there is a system that detects a fire before the situation becomes serious.
The "ultra-sensitive smoke detection system" installed in the return area of a clean room is about 2000 times more sensitive than a general fire alarm.
On the other hand, for earthquake countermeasures, unique technologies such as Kajima's "multi-story seismic isolation factory", Taisei's "MiC seismic isolation system", and Takenaka Corporation's "biscus seismic isolation" are provided.
As the road bridge stock is aging, there is a need for assistive technology for developing bridge inspection / diagnosis / deterioration prediction technologies and utilizing these technologies to efficiently and systematically maintain and manage bridges.
In 2004, we predicted the degree of damage to members based on the bridge periodic inspection data up to the previous year, and created a calculation program that can calculate future repair costs on a yearly basis according to the repair and reinforcement scenario.
In addition, using the bridge inspection data under the jurisdiction of the national highway office under direct control, we estimated the future transition of repair costs when a scenario for repair reinforcement measures was given, and examined the effects of various conditions and factors on future forecasts.
We also examined a method for roughly evaluating fatigue durability for welded joints of steel I-girder bridges based on traffic and structural conditions for each bridge.
In the title construction method, first, the pipes that support the existing traffic road surface are press-fitted horizontally one by one, and both ends are received by a pedestal composed of RC foundation piles and beams.
Next, excavate under the road surface to construct a new structure.
In order to eliminate the gap between the lower end of the pipe and the upper floor slab, jack up the concrete members of the upper floor slab and the side wall with a jack on the lower floor slab concrete.
We investigated the response of unbonded granular pavement with a thin seal coat surface to changes in roadbed volume.
Consideration was given to the swelling and contraction of the roadbed due to monotonous repetition of dryness and humidity.
In the numerical analysis, we adopted the heat similarity law, which treats free swelling and contraction as being similar to isotropic thermal expansion and contraction.
As a result of the analysis, it was found that this numerical analysis method can explain the response of the pavement to the volume change of the roadbed well [1995.2].
Among the things that impressed me when I participated in the 14th Overseas Hospital Architecture Inspection Team and conducted hospital training in Southern Europe and the Netherlands, I reported a memo from the perspective of interior and furniture.
The heavy use of stones is conspicuous, and expensive marble is used abundantly, creating a space with even richer surface irregularities caused by sculpture.
A variety of paints are brilliantly decorated.
Resin and metal are often used as furniture materials, and there are many shapes and colors.
The marked dam is a concrete gravity type with a bank height of 21.7 m and a bank top length of 85.5 m, and is used for flood control, maintenance of running water function, and multipurpose water supply.
The water intake facility adopted a porous branch discharge type.
The concrete placement of the embankment and the energy reducer was carried out by a 100t crawler crane.
Good results were obtained by using ultrafine cement for the consolidation grout.
The approach to the materialization of the new line was introduced with episodes related to the patent procedure.
It is called a patent that the government gives the railway operator the exclusive right to manage the transportation business.
The background of the patent acquisition consultation accompanying the extension of the Osaka Monorail route was described in the order of prior consultation, application to the Transport Council, and then to the patent.
For the title monorail, the first section started construction, and the second phase was filed for patent application in January 1995.
In recent years, toilets have been recognized as a multipurpose space.
In the future building equipment plan, we organized the awareness of toilets and their usage behavior, and examined their mutual relationships.
In this report, we compared the results of questionnaires for students with those of general adults.
The survey items were divided into 8 groups such as distance to the toilet, allowable waiting time, behavior after waiting time, preferable toilet bowl type, and request.
As a fixed formula for the title design, a formula was presented in which multiple natural vibration mode types are set as homologous vibration mode types.
An example of homology design is shown for the natural vibration modes from low order to secondary order.
Time history analysis was performed by applying excitation force to the structure obtained by the design.
It was found that it exhibits a vibration type close to the target homologous vibration mode type.
In implementing the new mountain village promotion measures from 1991, a survey is being conducted to promote the specific policy and related projects smoothly.
As part of this, we conducted a regional revitalization support survey that highly utilized resources such as nature and agriculture, forestry and fishery products that are endowed in the region.
Here, a detailed survey was conducted by experts in Ninohe City, Iwate Prefecture.
The subject of the survey was "Exchange projects utilizing local resources, high added value of local special products, and measures for youth settlement" [1996.3.]
This is an interim report of a regional promotion plan formulation survey commissioned by the Agency for Natural Resources and Energy of the Ministry of International Trade and Industry by the Chubu Industrial Revitalization Center.
Taking advantage of the fact that National Route 361, which connects Ina Valley and Kiso Valley, was approved as a high-standard road, we examined regional development measures aimed at expanding the exchange area and promoting and creating industries in the area.
We surveyed 3 towns and 8 villages in Kiso District, Nagano Prefecture as the target areas of the survey.
The contents are 1) outline and background of the wide area, 2) basic issues of the wide area: general remarks (promotion of settlement and maintenance of vitality-basic issues of the region, development of social capital to support settlement and exchange, re-establishment of the regional economy). Construction, reconstruction of autonomy and creation of new regional management system), 3) Issues in the Kiso wide area: Specific theories (population problem, industrial problem, living environment, road development impact), 4) Direction of Kiso wide area promotion concept, Consists of [1996.3.]
I introduced SBS (sick building syndrome) with explanations.
This began to become a problem from the 1980s when residents of so-called energy-saving buildings in Europe and the United States frequently complained of dizziness, nausea, headache, ataxia of the equilibrium, and pain and discomfort in the eyes, nose and throat.
In Japan as well, the term "new construction disease" has begun to be heard, and the concentrations of volatile chemical substances, dust, carbon dioxide, etc. have been investigated in relation to the indoor environment, especially the improvement of airtightness and insufficient ventilation.
He touched on the investigation / analysis of symptoms and the actual measurement experiment of the indoor environment of a highly airtight house.
The ministry intends to scale up and start full-scale these model projects in FY2006, and at the same time, support local governments working to promote international resource circulation.
On the other hand, the Ministry of the Environment is constantly importing and exporting waste containing harmful substances as "second-hand goods", so we are considering creating guidelines for distinguishing second-hand goods and measures to ensure traceability. There is.
In addition, when the prevention of environmental pollution is ensured, he acknowledged that "facilitating the import and export of recycled resources" is important, and is also considering building a "database of hazardous waste common to Asia". I have put it in.
We reported on the efforts of the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry and the Ministry of the Environment to optimize resource recycling in Asia.
Let's take a look at the swell of global environmental research.
As a research manager at the Center for Global Environmental Research.
Report on the results of a questionnaire survey on the 2nd Global Environmental Researcher Exchange Conference.
Global Environmental Research Center Activity Report [1992.2]
We examined a lower concentration odor measurement method that cannot be measured by conventional sensory test methods, and described the background.
The basis of the measurement method is the concentration of general environmental odor, and the concentration is measured by the current three-point comparative odor bag method.
The odor of the general environment was measured by this method.
This method is expected to be applied to the creation of odor concentration maps, application to odor environment assessment, and application to odor environment target value setting.
The actual situation of oil spill accidents and countermeasures were taken up, focusing on tanker accidents.
In 1992, the world's crude oil transportation by sea was 1.3 billion tons, and Japan's crude oil imports were 210 million tons.
Introduced recent oil spill accidents caused by major tankers.
Explained the international and Japanese efforts for tanker accidents
Zizania latifolia was cultivated in the laboratory and changes in water quality in the rhizosphere were measured.
The temporal change of NH4-N concentration in the rhizosphere interstitial water was measured at different positions, and the cumulative amount of N removed during the experimental period was determined.
The cumulative removal amount is larger in the peripheral part of the rhizosphere than in the central part.
The development of root hairs was remarkable in the peripheral part, and it was considered that it was mainly due to plant absorption + nitrification.
The amount of nitrification was estimated to be about 7070 of the absorption amount from the growth amount and component measurement of Zizania latifolia.
The transition of domestic wastewater treatment technology and the pollutant characteristics of domestic wastewater were described.
The principle of water treatment is described separately for the phase transition of pollutants, the size of pollutants and water treatment.
The classification and types of biological treatment methods are classified into the classification by the reaction type of bacteria, the classification by the retention type of microorganisms, and the types of biological treatment methods.
Domestic wastewater treatment reflects technological progress based on treatment technology and treatment principles and social demands from the times.
The technology developed by the Tokyo Metropolitan Industrial Technology Center to vaporize trichlorethylene (TCE) and detoxify it during silent discharge is described.
The used TCE is introduced together with air into a reaction vessel in which a silent discharge is generated, and the TCE is decomposed into carbon dioxide and hydrogen chloride by the action of the discharge and the ozone generated there.
The amount of ozone generated and the effect of discharge in nitrogen were described.
At TCE concentrations of 260,600 and 17,000 ppm, the degradation rates were 100,99 and 72% under specific conditions.
Complete decomposition requires an ozone / TCE molar ratio of 8.5 or higher
In order to reduce the amount of CO2 emitted from waste incineration, we proposed a new incineration method that divides the incineration process into high-temperature thermal decomposition and complete combustion of its gas phase products and fixes a part of carbon in the waste. ..
Microwaves were used for auxiliary heating because the waste generally has a low apparent thermal conductivity.
A small experimental furnace consisting of a pyrolysis vessel, a secondary combustion chamber, a microwave introduction unit, and a gas heating device was manufactured, and experiments were conducted using paper waste as a sample.
We fixed 50% or more of the carbon contained, and showed the result that CO2 emission can be suppressed even by subtracting the microwave power used for heating the sample and the CO2 emitted by the city gas.
The atmosphere monitor system, which combines four types of semiconductor gas sensor elements, has been improved to be portable.
The semiconductor gas sensor used is a sensor that has selectivity for hydrogen sulfide, sulfur compounds, ammonia, and general flammable gases.
It was confirmed that each sensor responded almost linearly in the range of 20 to 90% RH, and the humidity was corrected.
A calibration curve for this system was created for the dilution of odorous gas with clean air.
Foul odor measurements were performed at a facility that handles organic solvents, demonstrating the practicality of this system.
Molten stone formation of sewage sludge is a series of techniques that even reforms sewage sludge slag into crystalline material.
There are two types of molten stones: "ash molten stones", which are converted from incinerated ash into stone products, and "cake molten stones," which are directly produced from dehydrated cakes.
The types of the melting furnaces of both are different, and the flow sheets of both processes are compared and shown.
There are three types of stone products, sand-like, gravel-like, and block-like, and they are used for various civil engineering works.
The stoned product has physicochemical properties equal to or higher than that of natural stone, and its polishing luster is the same as that of granite.
He explained the results of the title awareness survey of more than 14,000 stores.
It was characterized by a decrease in profits due to intensified competition, a decrease in income due to the entry of large gas stations, an increase in non-oil income, and a review of selling prices.
The results of a questionnaire on 16 items of gas station management improvement measures are shown by percentage.
He also explained a report by the Ministry of International Trade and Industry and the Agency for Natural Resources and Energy regarding the supply of petroleum products, focusing on "freedom of choice" and "clarification of transaction conditions" between businesses.
Due to leisure flight, the aircraft deviated to the left during takeoff from runway 14 at Honda Airport in Okegawa City.
The captain immediately tried to correct the aircraft toward the runway, but he could not climb in time, and the left main landing gear touched the left runway light, and he sat in a field on the riverbed about 500 US in the extension direction from the end of the runway. It was wrecked.
The captain and one passenger were on board the aircraft, but there were no casualties.
It is presumed that the cause was an inappropriate point in the operation of the captain.
The progress of takeoff, damage to the aircraft, aircraft, weather, tests and research to identify the facts, etc. were described.
Although it is possible to automate operations such as signal handling by using PRC, it is necessary to input diamond data to the computer.
Therefore, in constructing the PRC system in the future, it is an issue to realize a function to improve the efficiency of the marking work.
Here, we reported on the marking work realized at JR Central.
The PRC system that remotely controls the traffic lights is directly input with diamond data from the operation plan data system, and data such as shunting and construction is supplemented and input to improve efficiency.
There are various forms of natural gas endowment, such as dissolution in crude oil and independent gas deposits, but their development and production technology is integrated with that of crude oil.
Recently, natural gas called unconventional type has been developed, but it is not technically necessary to distinguish it from the conventional type.
On the other hand, pipeline transportation and underground storage can be said to fall into the category of development and production technology in a broad sense.
This paper explained horizontal well drilling technology, natural gas production technology, and transportation and storage.
Regarding hydrogen absorption, the scope of application was clarified by creating an appropriate anticorrosion potential map.
After that, the development of the sacrificial anode was successful and the safety was improved.
We have developed a marking material that has the same high temperature characteristics as SCH21 and can reduce costs.
We reported on the effects of additive elements on high temperature characteristics and material properties obtained during the development process.
From the experimental results, the relationship between oxidation resistance and the amount of Cr was shown as an example of the effect of additive elements on high temperature characteristics.
He also touched on the effects of each component on high-temperature tensile strength and introduced the component composition of the developed material.
Furthermore, the high-temperature tensile strength of the developed material was compared with that of SCH21, and it was shown that it had the same characteristics.
When a thin plate is drilled with ultra-high pressure gas, the fracture surface is good and burr does not occur.
In order to evaluate this practicality, we examined whether the thickness of the thin metal plate to be processed affects the drilling mechanism, dimensional accuracy, and gas pressure.
As a result, burr occurred when the plate thickness was 0.6 mm or more.
The dimensional accuracy and sagging width were constant regardless of the pressure, and the accuracy decreased in proportion to the plate thickness and inversely proportional to the hole diameter [1995.1.
The method of changing the running plate thickness in the hot-rolled finishing mill is performed by sequentially changing the reduction position and speed of each stand so that the mass flow balance is not disturbed.
In order to verify the possibility of changing the inter-running plate thickness, we adopted a method to suppress mass flow fluctuations, verified with a simulator, built a test system, and conducted an actual machine test.
As a result, it became possible to change the plate thickness of 400 μm within 1 s.
Described the results of the inter-running plate thickness change system and the actual machine test
Conventionally, active noise control has application restrictions due to the delay time of the processing system, but the delay time can be shortened by that amount if noise can be predicted by using the properties of the noise source.
In this report, we took up a press machine that repeatedly generates noise with similar characteristic patterns, and performed muffling simulations using three types of noise prediction methods.
In the AR model, a muffling volume of 20 db was obtained by prediction in one step.
In addition, a prediction method with two or more steps was shown, and the increase in prediction steps and the change in prediction accuracy were shown by muting.
Normally, two steps of forming a sintered body and then joining are required, but if current-carrying sintering is applied, there is a possibility that sintering and joining can be achieved at the same time.
Therefore, we investigated simultaneous sintering and joining of sintered bodies to molten parts by energization sintering.
Melting of the base metal at the joint significantly improves the joint strength.
It was clarified that even if the thermal conductivity is high, in a material with a low melting point such as an aluminum alloy, melting occurs at the joint and penetrates into the sintered body to obtain high joint strength.
We adopted a method of pushing the rubber and the pipe together in the axial direction with a pair of left and right cylinders, and a method of pushing the rubber and the pipe separately in the axial direction with two pairs of left and right cylinders.
The effect of these methods on the formation of branch pipes was investigated.
Based on the experimental results, we made a prototype device that can keep the rubber internal pressure constant and experimented.
As a result, it became possible to increase the height of the branch pipe by properly setting and controlling the rubber internal pressure.
As a simple method for estimating the residual stress of welded members, we proposed a method for identifying the residual stress distribution from a small number of measured residual stress values.
After performing the non-destructive stress measurement method using X-rays, the sample is cut and the stress distribution is estimated from the change data of the strain gauge at a specific point.
Residual stress on the weld line, which is difficult to measure by the X-ray method, can be identified using strain gauge measurements away from the weld line.
SUS316 Stainless steel butt welded joint experiment verified
In order to control the circumferential shear deformation of the pipe material in Mannesman drilling and rolling, the plastic deformation when the plug was forcibly rotated and the circumferential velocity of the plug surface was increased was examined using plastin.
As a result, if the rotation speed is increased compared to when the plug rotates subordinately due to frictional force, shear deformation in the circumferential direction decreases.
However, if the rotation speed is too high, the deformation will occur in the opposite direction.
It was found that the optimum rotation speed exists.
In addition, the material easily extends in the circumferential direction, and the outer diameter has increased.
The formability of spline rolling of cup-shaped materials was analyzed using general-purpose analysis software ABAQUS, and the effect of the tooth profile of the external tool on the deformation of the product was investigated.
In the rolling analysis model, Coulomb friction acts between the material and the tool, and the rotation directions of the inner tool and the outer tool are constant in opposite directions.
As a result of the experiment, it was found that this rolling simulation model reproduces the deformed state.
In addition, increasing the outer diameter of the outer tool to increase the tooth depth was effective for moldability.
With the progress of personal computers and digital technologies, the electrophotographic process is widely applied not only to analog copiers but also to laser printers and facsimiles.
In addition, monochrome has been the mainstream until now, but in recent years, colorization has progressed at a tremendous pace.
Furthermore, recently, as one of the targets has been to advance and expand into the POD (Print on Demand) field, further improvement in image quality and speed with a view to the printing area are required.
In this paper, we first give an overview of the electrophotographic process and toner, and then consider the current state of research and development, future issues, directions, etc., focusing on CCA, which has a large effect on charging characteristics, which is one of the most important characteristics of toner. It was.
Describes the causes of combustion failures in heavy oil combustion boilers.
Hazardous substances contained in heavy oil cause damage.
When the residual carbon is heated, it becomes a hard precipitate, which causes clogging of the strainer and clogging of the burner tip.
Sulfur causes sulfuric acid corrosion in low temperature parts such as economizers and air preheaters.
The ash softens and melts and adheres to the high temperature part, causing corrosion.
In particular, vanadium forms a low melting point compound in the presence of alkali metals and sulfur and significantly corrodes the metal.
We have developed marking software that optimizes operating conditions using manufacturing equipment such as chemistry, medicine, food, iron making, metals, and ceramics.
Statistical design of experiments, evolutionary optimization, empirical modeling, linear and non-linear regression, data fitting by stepwise regression and internal / external regression, response surface method, etc. were used as basic technologies.
This software is cheap, simple and quick.
When using it, set the purpose, collect data, select data, determine the correlation equation, create a contour diagram, operate under the optimum operating conditions, and check the effect.
It can be performed on a Windows-compatible personal computer with a CPU of 133 MHz or higher and a memory of 32 MB or higher, and the results are often obtained in 2 to 3 hours.
We introduced a system for recovering and reusing DMSO (dimethyl sulfoxide) -containing wastewater generated in the manufacturing process of liquid crystal displays.
We have developed a biofilm treatment method that can suppress the odor and treat the marked wastewater with a TOC concentration of several hundred mg / liter below the analysis limit value.
The results from the pilot plant were able to be treated to a level that could be reused as raw water for the pure water system.
The recovered water could be used as raw water, and it was possible to operate with an odor intensity of 2.5 or less without the need to install a deodorizing device.
CFCs used in polyurethane foam (PUF) will be completely abolished in the future, and alternative CFCs will be used.
Please note that some CFC substitutes are flammable.
Foam PUF cans may explode at temperatures above 40 ° C, and rubber valves are prone to gas leakage due to deterioration.
It is necessary to confirm safety so that sparks during construction do not cause a fire accident.
We explained the preparation of knives for cut-off of corrugators and the preparation of seam allowance knives for box making machines.
In the adjustment of the operating speed of the hydraulic / pneumatic cylinder, the structure of the flow control valve was illustrated and the adjustment method was explained.
The structure of the machine protection device, such as the torque limiter, torque releaser, stopper, and hydraulic relief valve, was illustrated and explained.
There are few particular difficulties in adjusting, so it is important to learn by yourself.
He described the characteristics of fuel cell power generation, the status of research and development, the interim evaluation of molten carbonate fuel cells, and the future of research and development.
Fuel cells are expected as a new power generation method that can simultaneously solve the sustainable economic growth, stable energy supply, and environmental protection in a well-balanced manner.
Research and development of alkaline type and phosphoric acid type has been completed.
Molten carbonate fuel cell has reached the stage of promoting the development of 1,000 kW class power generation system.
A major Japanese detergent manufacturer has converted the surfactant used from the anionic LAS to the nonionic POER.
However, POER has the problem of being relatively highly lethal to freshwater fish.
Therefore, with the aim of reducing the lethal toxicity of POER-blended detergents, we attempted a lethal toxicity experiment on medaka under conditions similar to actual washing.
As a result, if POER and anionic AS were blended in a well-balanced quantity, fish toxicity could be weakened without reducing the detergency.
Based on the results of this experiment, Yucorp developed and launched a new detergent "Ecot" containing POER and AS.
As the title ceramic, the ceramic for high frequency insulation and its evaluation are listed.
We evaluated alumina, steatite, and forsterite, and reported the results of the loss reduction research conducted at the Fine Ceramics Center.
We introduced an electrical evaluation of ceramics for high-frequency insulation and a dielectric resonator that can measure low dielectric loss in the microwave band.
He gave an overview of the development of low-loss forsterite porcelain.
In addition, as an evaluation method for high-frequency ceramics, insulation resistance, withstand voltage, dielectric constant and dielectric loss, and dielectric characteristics of the microwave band were described.
He explained the features and prospects of the marked magnets, which are attracting attention as post-Nd magnets.
The adsorption reaction of N atoms into Sm2Fe17 was outlined, and it was shown that the characteristics change depending on the nitriding method.
The development status of Sm2Fe17N3 magnets at each research institute is shown.
We introduced the applications that make use of the high magnetic properties and high heat resistance of this magnet.
A glass fiber reinforced polypropylene plate with a circular hole notch was injection-molded, and the effect of the hole size and the number of rotations of the molding machine screw on the strength of the fiber and the hole was investigated.
A tensile load was applied to a plate-shaped test piece having a rotation speed of 100 to 300 rpm and a hole radius of 0 to 2.5 mm, and the energy release rate was measured by AE measurement.
As the number of revolutions increases, the fibers break and the energy release rate decreases.
If the hole diameter is small, the breaking load is reduced and the energy release rate is large.
The effects of short-chain fatty acids on intestinal function were explained.
Injecting short-chain fatty acids into patients operated on for colorectal and rectal diseases increased blood flow and confirmed cell proliferation.
It was also found that intrarectal administration of short-chain fatty acids to humans with reduced rectal function is important not only from the viewpoint of promoting blood circulation in the mucosa but also from the viewpoint of nutritional effect on mucosal cells.
Polyloft fiber (polyester fiber) has a faster weight loss rate than conventional polyester fiber, and can be subjected to alkali weight loss processing in a short time.
Assuming a composite knitted fabric of polyloft and rayon, the weight loss processing of the polyloft knit and rayon fabric in the same bath was performed in sodium hydroxide.
In alkaline weight loss processing, the weight loss rate of both polyloft and rayon increased in proportion to the weight loss temperature and weight loss time.
When the weight loss processing accelerator was added, the weight loss rate of polyloft increased slightly, but the weight loss rate of rayon became almost zero.
In order to carry out weight loss processing so that the strength of rayon is maintained to some extent, it is necessary to establish weight reduction processing conditions.
The development of fibers with a skin care function for skin that is sensitive to irritation is in progress.
We introduced "Kitopoli", an antibacterial and deodorant natural fiber that is effective against atopic dermatitis.
Chitosan contained in this is a polysaccharide obtained from crustaceans and insects and is similar to cellulose.
Chitopoli is a mixture of chitosan and polynosic, and is characterized by 1) antibacterial and deodorant effect, 2) biodegradability, and 3) allergic symptoms.
Ceramics are made antibacterial by adding an inorganic antibacterial agent that is stable even at high temperatures to the vitreous layer (Yuyaku) that coats the base material.
The antibacterial properties, durability and safety of antibacterial ceramics against Escherichia coli, Staphylococcus aureus and MRSA were described.
He also explained the effects of antibacterial products on the prevention of toilet urinary stone stains and the occurrence of slime stains.
The issues for exerting the antibacterial function more effectively were also described.
For clothing production guidance, we examined tight skirts and body shape correction methods for body and shoulders, and accumulated them in a database. The contents are summarized.
In order to avoid the influence of elongation as a sample, a polyester satin fabric with the smallest elongation in both the vertical and horizontal directions was used.
We examined examples of correction of darts position and waistline in the skirt prototype, differences in the body between the cultural formula and the Dreme formula in terms of JIS size, the correlation between shoulder inclination and forward bending, and the quantification of the correction of the acromion.
In the future, we would like to expand the database by not only adding examples of other parts, but also examining the structure of the skeleton and its movable area in order to design clothes that are easy to move and comfortable to wear.
He explained how Osaka Gas worked on the Internet.
An intranet that uses the mechanism of the Internet as it is is most suitable for information browsing-centered systems.
I explained the advantages and disadvantages of the intranet.
The server function was strengthened to strengthen the mechanism of the intranet.
We are promoting the construction of a total sales support system that utilizes the intranet.
In addition, he reported that he is proceeding with various technology development programs to build convenient applications.
The reddish brown pigments Bengara (ferric oxide) (I) and titanium dioxide-coated mica (II) were used as microscopic samples.
Regarding I, it was plate-shaped, uniform in thickness, and 4 to 8 μm by low-magnification observation at 3,000 times.
However, it was not possible to observe the board from the side, and information such as thickness could not be obtained.
Bright-field and dark-field images were observed at a medium magnification of tens of thousands of times, and a large number of fine particles adhered to the sample surface and equal-thickness interference fringes corresponding to changes in thickness were observed.
A grid image could not be obtained by high-resolution image observation.
The same observations as I were made for II.
We investigated the causes of full-color electrophotographic images being inferior to printed images in terms of image quality.
The difference between the two was analyzed assuming that it was due to the microstructure in the thickness direction of the image.
The image was sliced with a micron and the cross-sectional structure was observed with an optical microscope and a transmission electron microscope.
As a result, it was found that the printed image had a small thickness and a high uniformity.
We thought that control in the thickness direction would be effective for improving the image quality of electrophotographic images.
